Hannah is looking for Betty's number. Amanda tells her to ask Larry.
Eric and Rob like the Russian comedian MACHINE. There are some of his stand-up videos on youtube.
Lenny will buy the first or the third pair of purple trousers.
Emma doesn't want to cook dinner tonight. She will tell Will when she gets home.
Jane is back from her trip to Morocco. Ollie has a party on the 18th. They will have lunch on Friday at 6 pm. Jane will bring the pastries.
Benjamin, Elliot and Daniel will meet at 2 pm at La Cantina to have lunch with some French people who work on the history of food in colonial Mexico. They will try to avoid talking about their subject of research.
Max is looking for a website where he can buy clothes and books.
Rita and Tina are tired at work.
Leo doesn't want a scarf from Beatrice, because he doesn't like them.
Eric doesn't know if he's coming to Ivan's brother's wedding. Ivan will take care of Eric's parents.
Wanda and Gina are planning a party on Friday. Wanda needs to make a list first. Gina will take her father's car and go grocery shopping with her.
Martin won two cinema tickets online by writing a short review on Facebook. He will see the new film with Redford till the end of the week.
Charlee is preparing a performance in Portuguese. The writer is Mrożek.
Ella rented a car.
Luke will join Netflix family. Paul will send him the login and password on Sunday. Luke will wire Paul the money every month. Paul is on holidays with his girlfriend.
Greg can't pick up Johnny from school because he has to stay after hours. He will talk to Betsy later.
Ethan, Toby and Marshall are making fun of Scott.
Igor has a lot of work to do at work. He's on a two-week notice period.
Clara is rewatching Dear White People on Netflix. Neela hasn't seen it yet, but she will check it out soon.
Mike parked his car in the garage today. Someone crashed into his car.
Deirdre and Beth are planning a girls weekend for Beth's mum's 40th birthday. Kira will have to come back from Uni. Beth wants to try working in the salon. Deirdre is looking for Saturday girls. Maxine manages the beauty side. Beth will meet her tomorrow and they will see how it goes.
Gloria advises Emma on how to prepare for the exam. Emma is going to read everything from the website.
May is depressed and doesn't want to see a specialist. Karen will call her friend who is a psychologist for advice.
Mark lied to Anne that he's 30, when in fact he's 40.
It's Wharton's birthday next week. Darlene, Walker and Heather will buy him a paper shredder. They will shred some papers at the party.
Ollie, Mickey and Kelly are going to a sculpture garden in Finnland. Kelly doesn't want to go. Ollie is going to Nagoro village in Japan.
Selah can't see the phone number of the person Myah sent her.
Bella and Eric were dismissed by their boss today. He was looking forward to bringing in new clients which were their current client's competitor.
Emma is at the rare of the bus. Ben will wake her up around 4.15. They are going to arrive to NY around 4:30 PM.
Jesse, Melvin and Maxine are going to chip in for the Refuge to help women and children who escape from abuse this year.
Mary is broke. Carter will lend her a few boxes in an hour.
Paula explains to Charlotte how to pronounce 'Natal lily'.
May and Jack will have a drink later.
Margaret has a terrible headache. Jack will buy her a painkiller.
Serge is on his way to pick up the film equipment for tonight's shooting. He and Andrei have an outstanding bill to pay with the company.
Janice's son wants her to get him a hamster for his birthday. Martina doesn't want to do it as she got one for her son and it stank up the whole house.
Mary and Lucas love DA Inquisition. Daniel has just started and is trying to get used to the mechanics.
Judy is always attracted to jerks. Andrew wanted to fuck her, but when he got what he wanted, he stopped calling and texting. Bruce is sweet.
Chloe is on a TV show about women undergoing a metamorphosis.
Ala is on her way to a meeting. She will let Tina know how it went.
It's been a year since Sebastian and his partner moved here. Sebastian is satisfied with his decisions. Kevin wishes he had such a person by his side.
Son will try to come home this weekend. Frank will tell his mother that he will come.
Ola and Momo are on a trip to Cuba. Momo has recovered from her injury and frolicking again. Ola has lost her scarf in Laos. She will look for a new one in a boutique shop.
Mike should ask Mary for John's number.
Wujek Janek has twins.
Jack took Josh's notebook. Jack will bring it tomorrow.
Adele has a new 4-month-old biscuit lab called Bones. The cats keep their distance from him, but Speedy wants to play with him.
Kristian and Tabora are playing games.
Cathy left her sunglasses at Broken's place. She will come to pick them up at 10 tonight.
Petra is sleepy and needs to sleep, but nobody's working at the office today.
Nick wants to meet up for a drink with Jane, but she's not interested.
Adam's friend saw Tim with a guy. Nate and Julia didn't know that Tim is gay.
Lilly will be late. Gabriel will order the food for her as soon as she arrives.
Celine will drop by Cara's place in the evening.
Derek will help Craig with his computer in 20 minutes.
Emma wants to take the kids for a walk. Abigail doesn't think it's a good idea as the smog alert app is showing that the norms have been exceeded by 30% today.
Cindy advises Paul to get red roses.
Jenny left her credit card at the shop. She can pick it up whenever she comes.
Gary and Lara are going to Tom's birthday party at 5 pm. Lara will pick up the cake and get the balloons.
Paul is almost there close to the Mac. Laura has been waiting 30 minutes and 15 minutes for him. She is not going to wait any more.
Hugh and Salma like the latest cat meme.
Matt and Oliver got into Stanford, but Peter didn't. He has to look for a new university.
Jake informs Nadia and Vanessa that they don't have English today because Smith called in sick and they couldn't find a replacement.
Brandon lost his credit card. It will take time before he gets a new one. Luke is broke. Ian will lend Brandon $100.
Inez, Alicja, Gosia and Patrycja enjoyed their evening at the restaurant Inez sent them. They will go again on Wednesday.
Ana and Catherine will visit grandma tomorrow.
Edson is booking his ticket now.
Jane and Steven will meet at the main entrance at 4:30 instead of 5.
Morgan and Suzanne are going to a Maroon 5 concert next week. Morgan has two tickets.
Julia hasn't read this book. The last book she read was Die again from 2014. The city library is organizing a meeting with Tess.
Ali left his wallet at Mohammad's place yesterday. He will bring it to the university tomorrow.
Laura and Linda will go to an Italian restaurant tomorrow. Linda loves their pasta and brownie.
Natalie, Martin, Margot and Mia are going to Anna's birthday party on 6th of November at 1930.
Mia and Elliot are going out for a girls night out after work tonight.
Jayden doesn't want to have children now. He wishes he could just have sex and wait for a baby while having a normal life.
The USA won last night. Croatia will play against England tomorrow at 2:00.
John is coming in 10 minutes and wants Ela to give him his walle back. Ela is on the phone with mom.
Mark told his sister Mary is doing an online job. Mary doesn't like it.
Fiona will prepare a tart for Chris. Tina will help her.
Peadar, James, Anne and Helen are going for a drink at Jesus bar around 9.15. Annette can't join them as she's sick.
Ryan and Sebastian are worried about the situation in Ukraine.
Finn and Zadie are going to the Elephant and Castle shopping centre tomorrow. They will meet at 2 pm at the main entrance.
Jacob forgot to listen to the song Harry sent him 3 days ago. He will do it later tonight.
Someone locked the door from outside. Max is out of his room. He will ask his roommates to open the door for him.
Harry has just bought a new sofa and needs pillows. Kim will tell mom that grey is the best colour.
Josh needs to buy an iPad. Brian recommends Samsung, Xiaomi, Sony or Samsung. Josh will call Brian after work.
Olafur and Nathalie are going to Soho for New Year's Eve.
Andy is watching Arrow B. He has a quiz tomorrow. He will study for it.
Kim is looking for some fresh ramal fish in Warsaw. Margot recommends the marketplace at Polna street, restaurants' menus and asking about their source. Kim will try to find the fish and cook it for a special occasion.
Tom and Ben are meeting at 2 pm in the Oval Room.
Ashleigh got the job. She and Peter are going to the cinema.
Danna's Saturday was boring. She called 5-8 of her friends, but they weren't around or are busy. Now she's watching TV. Reed doesn't have a tv, because his subscription expired and they want him to pay for it. He's not going to work tomorrow.
Alivia has problems finding research materials for her thesis. She finds the topic interesting and doesn't mind reading articles and books, but when she's supposed to write, she blank out and can't type a single word without thinking she sounds stupid.
Maddie is in Asda and will buy white bread and some apples for John.
Jordan is going to a funeral of his colleague Brad. Elliot will call Jordan at 8 pm tonight.
Flo can't get into the salon until the 6th. She's going to be gray. Gina will buy her a touch-up kit at Tesco.
Rob is at the grocery store. He will buy cucumber, tomatoes, bananas, apples and vegetables for supper and lunch tomorrow.
Melany doesn't remember the last time she got laid.
Eric and Samantha's favorite professor is talking about the recent scandal on the news.
Jacky will call David when he gets home.
Rick and Helen are in Cancun for their last two days before flying to Havana. Rick and Chris will Skype tomorrow at 3 pm Chris' time.
Ying has 10 years of experience.
Missy gets out of work at 6. She will meet Daniel for drinks after dinner.
Adelle will clean the hamster cage after school.
Maya will buy 5 earplugs for Randolph at the pharmacy.
David is coming home for Christmas next week. He will order an ipad and have it shipped home.
Isabella enjoyed listening to Betty's work yesterday. Isabella invites Betty to do something together.
Amy will get back to Hollie later.
Huda and Alex are going swimming in 2 hours.
Janet, Alison, Nicole, Cheryl, Sue, Linda and Leslie are disgusted by Donald Trump's performance at the inauguration.
Rashi is confused about his career options. Teacher advises him to choose a career which interests him, get experienced and try to widen the scope after a while.
Corbin wants to report school violence in Jungang high school. Dimitri will call him now.
Marta is looking for a technician to fix PC's. Pablo is on vacation this week, but Cynthia or Elena might know someone.
Ann is planning a surprise birthday party for her dad, who is turning 50. Fiona suggests something on the ground, like bungee jumping or parachute jump. Ann likes paintball.
Fatima is worried about Jenson and Alene. Alene is depressed and won't go to the doctor. Fatima and Jenson are Fatima's friends.
Lisa has to clean the house. Bob helped make it dirty. He will clean the bathroom.
Luke and Martial will let Jose know they are available for team selection tomorrow. They will meet at carrington and go to his office early.
Julie and Emily exchange Christmas wishes.
Ricky doesn't like his new neighbours because they are noisy and have a parakeet.
Brenda and Sandra used to work together in the clothes factory. Brenda lives in Stoke now, moved away from Brum in the late 90s. Sandra lives in Kings Norton with her four grandchildren, ages 2, 4, 9 and 15. Brenda's husband Bill died 5 years ago. Sandra will organize a reunion for the Lister's girls next Saturday.
John and Joan will see "A Star is Born" on Thursday around 8 pm.
George wants to meet with Donna tonight to discuss a delicate matter.
Louis has to go, his mom is calling him.
Irene will take her little boy shopping with Crystal.
Tony sends Amy and Lucas a photo of a cat.
Matt and Thomas are going to Dawid Podsiadlo together.
Chris pushed some girls into the pool because they were soaking wet.
Jeff, Lia and Mico are going to the village party.
Paul will couch the game on Saturday.
Fred will pick Luke up at 3:15.
Jack is going to the casting this time. Ryan will join him.
Evelyn will stay at home for the holidays. Joanne is going back home. She always liked spending Christmas with her family, but her parents separated a few months ago. She is going to cheer her mother up.
Raul had a bad night last night and today morning. He started off with a fag and had weird dreams about his uncle.
Angie has severe stomach pain. Ms. Quinn signed her up for an appointment with Doctor McCormick in an hour.
Kelvin and Naheeda will have their CAT 2 during the statistics class.
Linda, Ronnie and Karen will have pasta for lunch at the pasta joint next to their apartment.
Christine will pick up Marcel from school around 4. She will take him to the doctor tomorrow morning.
Cameron will have to stay out of town for another week, so he won't be able to deliver Peyton's video game.
Alicja has a job interview tomorrow.
Paul forgot about his physiotherapy. He will schedule a new appointment. Emma will be home after midnight. Paul will prepare some food for her.
Sean overslept again.
Tom will join Chris and his brother in the jacuzzi in Chris' garden.
Cindy will call Ela to tell her Harry needs to talk urgently.
Mike didn't take the dog for a walk. Adam will take him with him.
Murphy is going to Poanań on Tuesday and coming back the same day in the afternoon.
Gaia has 6 exams this term at the university. Only one of them is hard.
Mr. Williams and Ms. Blair are going for a coffee at 2 pm.
Jeff has a skin allergy. He doesn't have to take meds all the time. Tina has the same allergy and she takes meds daily.
Kristina, Jannette and Estefania are watching America's Top Model on tv.
Daniel is flying to Bologna today. He will stay 2 hours at the airport. Simone will come in December for a weekend.
Mike can't talk right now. He will call Dale back in 2 hours.
Timmy had a bad day at work. He will come to Gemma's bbq at the weekend. She will cover the food.
Pat will come in the evening, around 9 pm. Pat thought she was free from work today, but she has another project to finish. Bart will open the door for Pat and he will work from home in the morning. Pat is not a painter.
Erin will meet Ashley at the camp's restaurant to do the interview.
Maria, Kate, Tommy and Sam are going to the conference. Tommy will prepare a power point for the panel. He will pay $10 a month for the prezi.
Maxwell and Jeanice worked together tonight for 8 hours. Marcus argued with his friend, but they didn't fight. Marcus has been behaving in a strange way recently. Jeanice and Maxwell will meet for a coffee some time.
Mike, Tom and Ben are going for a beer now.
Leah met a creepy guy at the poetry reading last night. He complimented her on her German and tried to walk her home. Two weeks earlier, she had liked a Facebook post announcing that he was going to accompany the poets on the guitar.
Nicky has just left Sam's place.
Ken wants his money back.
Tom arrived safely, but without luggages.
The university organises a carnival party for children.
Ian is looking for his green folder. Sophie suggests that Alex might have it.
Simon will talk to Adrian at 5.
Jen wants to break up with her boyfriend. He owes her money. She doesn't want to ask him to leave. Jane supports her.
Dean will grab something for dinner on his way back home. Poppy won't be home tonight. She will see Dean tomorrow.
Gab wants to meet Kat for a drink, but Kat is busy at the moment. Kat doesn't meet strange men from the internet.
Agatha's presentation on economics is ready. She used recent research.
Imagine Dragons are coming to ABC Theatre on 12 July. Tim and Sally will go together.
Andrew wanted to take Bez's car to Krizingen, but it showed "low brake fluid level". It was probably a display error. Kate took the car to the garage next to Willig and everything was fine. Bez is in a hotel lobby now and has no internet connection. He will be home on 21st in the evening.
Laura will visit her parents next Saturday. Keith will cook lasagne for her.
Pegah will be back at 22:00 D. She will have a cup of tea with Miriam and some wine when she gets back.
Robert will help with Tom's birthday. He will pick up the balloons from the store in the city centre.
Shelly is volunteering at the food shelter this year. Tracy doesn't want to do any volunteer work.
Jim will listen to Max's new music when he gets home.
Kane recommends the new 30 seconds to mars album to Shannon.
Andy will visit Paul in an hour to drink coffee and talk about politics.
Caroline is close to tugging on her testicles again.
Josh needs to check his email.
Phoebe doesn't want to go out today because her mother is angry at her because she used her perfume and broke it.
Eve and Rob will meet on Sunday. Eve has some stuff to do around 3.
Sandra and her ex-boyfriend split up after 3 months. Betty will be at Sandra's place at 6.
Anna likes the app. Peter doesn't understand why he should add more clothes to his wardrobe. They play a game.
Dan got an injection with anaesthesis, but it's not working any more, so he's swollen.
Archie will arrive from Southampton around midnight. He will call Judah on the phone if he is dead by the time he arrives.
Chloe hasn't watched the series yet. She will watch it at the weekend.
Lauren wants to get a small tattoo above the ankle. Tessie knows a couple of guys who do it.
Wendy thinks the upstairs toilet might be blocked. The toilet has been a problem since they got the house. They can't afford to pay the plumber this month. They will have to wait until the next paycheck.
There is left-hand traffic on the left in Rowen's country.
Tom wants to go to Robinson Crusoe's island. Jonathan and Oscar think it's insane.
Titus will help Emely with a difficult task.
Aldo sent Marco his article. Marco will print it and read it right now. It's 12 pages.
Harris's friend Aoki died yesterday. Harris hasn't seen her for a few months as she lives in Michigan.
Hannah has made New Year's resolutions. She wants to lose weight and exercise everyday, learn how to cook and start meal prepping, and find her future husband. Brooklyn doesn't believe that a new year means a fresh start.
Trevor has a problem with Abigail having sex with him. It's her father's fault, because he is a church pastor. Trevor and Richard will try to get him to pay the child support instead of Trevor.
Julia likes looking at photos of her friends and sharing stuff with them on social media. Gail likes to spy on people. Jessica is thinking about going on diet. Hillary thinks Julia overdo it and has no life in real life.
Miranda called Tom yesterday. She knows Anne and Tom are dating.
Ella needs the family's dietary requirements for the catering company.
Sarah will arrive in New York this Thursday. Joshua will be waiting for her gift.
Allison got a scholarship. She will celebrate with Maya and Sarah whenever she wants.
Sam finishes work at 5. He is not bringing him over tonight. He will bring him in the morning at 9.
Betty and Phil will watch a thriller at the cinema tonight. They will meet at 6 pm near the theatre. Betty will book the tickets. She will prepare dinner at home.
Robert has been laid off and is looking for a new job. Serge will try to help Robert find a job in Belgium.
Lily had an amazing night with Thomas from LSE.
Sam wants to buy a black dress for his wife as a surprise gift. He will order it on the website.
Kamden hasn't seen Mckinley in a while as he's been off social media. Kamden uses chat on Facebook to keep in touch with his friends.
Mike is going to the gym and then home. Jason will come over. They will play Destiny 2 on PS4.
Linda is moving to Ohio for 6 months. She will meet with Daisy before she leaves.
Hayden has 1 month to write his thesis. He doesn't know what he can do in the future to make good money. He was thinking about working as a flight attendant, but he doesn't want to risk every time.
Alan has found a product with no sugar, no taste, and additional cinnamon flavoring. He likes it. Robert wishes they had the old cherry flavor back.
Yaz and Mary are going to slimming club tonight.
Aaliyah and Camille are at the university. They are having classes 342 on the second floor.
Nathan and Aaron are laughing at a video of a woman having a spiritual moment.
William has been in a queue for 20 minutes. He will be back in 5 minutes.
Jake booked 3 tickets for 7 pm tomorrow with a 30% discount.
Freddie, Kelly, Bob, Mike, Alan and Nancy are discussing what they're watching on Netflix.
Toni and his friends went to San Sebastian last year. They stayed at an airbnb place next to the Playa de la Concha. Sonia is planning to go there in a month or so. Toni will get her in touch with the landlady.
Malik and Samantha will try the keto diet together.
Derek and Phil had a busy day. Phil couldn't close any deal.
People are photoshopping Timothée Chalamet into artworks.
Peter has been busy at work lately. He's been working out to improve his health. He has a gym membership near his office. He exercises with weights and runs on the treadmill. Lisa wants to eat better and get more sleep.
Julia broke Tom's cup. She will buy him a new one.
The CSS tests are today. Don hasn't registered in their system yet, so he's not sure if he has to fill out all the fields. The tests are supposed to last from 5 to 8 pm. Hank will take his kid.
Jessica bought a table, six chairs, a vase, a pile of clothes and a black dress for 70 euros at the second hand shop downtown.
Abigail and Damien are going to church on Sunday. Abigail reminds Damien to put on a coat and tie.
Desiree wants Lucian to keep her pasta in the microwave.
Doug loves Jeni's shoes.
Tessa wants Chloe to stop texting her boyfriend Jim Andrews. They work together.
Emily, Kate and Marta will meet for a drink in Pub X at the central station at 5.30.
Anne and Jane went to La Perle with Jane and Ella. Jane is allergic to peanuts. They ordered a cheesecake with crushed nuts in the crust.
Railey will buy Tiffany a burger on her way home.
Ariana is going shopping in Midtown. Aviana wishes she could go with her.
Jane is going to Value Village with her sister to buy Halloween costumes. Connor got his today at Value Village.
Mary stayed at home today.
Tom and Jeffrey are a few meters away from Elena.
Sophia apologizes to Mason for sending him a kiss photo. She doesn't want to see him when she doesn't look good.
Steffen has twisted his ancle yesterday, so he can't go to the infinity pool. Irene, Dan, Luke and Ben will give him a lift.
Jake, Florence, Margot and others are going on a research trip to Eswatini.
Christine has got the flu. Annie will drop Theraflu sachets through Christine's letterbox later on.
Jill called Bob's girlfriend and sent her their pictures. She told her she cannot snatch him from her. Bob kicked her out.
Peter starts the new job on the 6th. Aggie will get a babysitter.
Aimee doesn't know where Maryam is. Soren suspects she might be with his father.
George, Robert and Yousuf are going to play basketball on Friday at 7 p.m. Paul will join them half an hour later.
Rory and Sammy are thinking of signing up Bill and Sammy for an International camp in Croatia. Mitch will drive there on Sunday, the 29th of July. He will try to get there early on Monday morning. Joanna will pick up Bill around 10 am on Sunday.
Jones and Angelina will meet today later in the afternoon in town.
Derek doesn't like Fergie's national anthem.
Pam will let Lauren know if she still needs her for tomorrow. Lauren had a good holiday and will tell Pam all about it tomorrow.
Harriette went ghost hunting once when she was in high school. She didn't find any ghosts, but she did hear a cat meow.
Jack can't get the application running. Kev will help him right now.
Dan will meet Angela at school later to explain everything.
Shaldona is getting married. She sent Piper her wedding invitation through Messenger.
Ralph and Paula will meet with the new person in an hour.
Ania, Kasia, Jan and Zuzia are going to the church tomorrow to praise Mary the Queen of Poland.
Harry is outside waiting for Ema. She will be there in 5 minutes.
The Caspian Sea is neither a sea nor a lake, so it will have a special legal status. It's rich in resources, mostly gas and oil. Around 80-90% of the world's caviar is sourced from caspian.
Joe is tired of his job. Tim advises him not to let it burn him out.
Judy is going to the new club at Regents Street on Saturday with Miranda and Helen.
Jamie, Marlo, Jimmy and Alex are going to do the presentations themselves.
Nora talked on the phone to John's math teacher. John is in the park. Theresa is waiting for him.
There was a huge crowd outside the book shop today. There was a new writer signing his books. Louis is not a fan of Dante kyle.
Debbie doesn't know which dress to buy. Kelly wants to buy the red one, but Denise prefers the green one.
Emilia is still angry.
Mia doesn't have a credit card at the moment. Tom will help her to buy a flight ticket.
Hugh has a toothache and needs to go to the dentist urgently. He will call ProDent in the centre and arrange an appointment for tomorrow.
Ella's mom won a hundred thou in the lottery.
There was a car accident on Circle Drive. There were no deaths.
Bob is watching the game. He will probably run some errands, cook some food and go out for a few beers at the weekend. Jim's birthday is next Wednesday, but he's going for a skiing trip with his family. He might organize a meetup with his friends at some bar this weekend. Bob will let him know.
Julie, Debra and 20 other girls from the village are going to meet over the weekend.
Mike had an accident on his motorcycle and broke his leg.
David had to babysit Ethan's sister. His phone was switched off, but he has just turned it on.
Conrad forgot his keys. Tiffany and Rebecca will be home at 10-11. Conrad will wait in the coffee shop.
There was a weird smell at Kasia's place last night.
Holly doesn't feel well and won't come to Jake's party tonight.
Ludmila's favorite dinosaur was a triceratops.
Josh and Sean are going to the pub tonight.
Liam suspects that Indiana left his phone at his place.
Claire wants to buy a dress for the wedding. Nicole and Maria advise her to do so.
Victor took over Chris's company as he was under a lot of debt. Victor sold off the office and accommodated them in his office. David's business is going well.
Patricia shares a fair-trade brand with Elle and Florence. Elle will look into it.
Ethan didn't attend the part last night because he is in Los Angeles. He will be back in 3 or 2 days.
Stan is going to take her to Pat&Gill's today.
Abby met Miro yesterday at the party. Miro's father came from Albania to the US in the early 1990s.
Julie watched a Japanese horror movie and is scared. Rose and Paula will come over to Julie's to drink cocoa and watch "when Harry met Sally" until they fall asleep.
Lucy's daughter is turning 15. Patricia doesn't see things as Lucy does.
Dan, Tim, Chris and Martin are going out on Saturday at 8. Tom is at his in-laws' party. Dan needs to be home at 2 and ready to drive on Sunday noon.
Casey did her nails herself, but it took her nearly 4 hours. She will do them for Kristen and Amelia.
Sharol forgot the sociology assignment due tomorrow. She will work on it now.
Half of the class is sick at school. Helen has a pediatrician, Dr Tornez, who treats every case individually. He can be found at City Medical Centre next to the mall.
Tim has not seen his mum today. She is with Grace.
Caroline thinks his mother doesn't like her. Caroline is his first gf and she's jelous. He is 26 and spends all the time at home with his mother and gramma. He's an introvert, but v.intelligent. He will text Kate.
Vincent broke his lamp with his bare hand while playing with his cat. He ordered a new one and it should be ready on Tuesday.
Nestor wants to buy a new laptop as Black Friday is coming. Olaf sends Nestor a link to a website where people upload photos of the same product and its price 2 weeks before Black Friday and during the promotion. Nestor is going to the mall tomorrow to look for a good deal.
Phil prefers Facebook to Twitter. Vic prefers Facebook. Vic has never had an account on Tumblr.
Amanda, Peter and Dan are laughing at the guy with dreads.
James will pick the car up tomorrow and pay for it. Sue will transfer the money in.
Jess is stuck in a traffic jam in West Bronx.
Dima's laptop is broken and he has to deliver a translation tomorrow at 9. Nada lent her old laptop to her brother. Dima will pick it up in an hour.
Kelly went to the pub after school and met more people from school. She didn't talk to any of them. She did talk to one of them, but he was with someone else.
Anne will invite Adele and Louise for Easter. Adele will bring eggs.
Peggy hasn't had her computer fixed yet, because she spends a lot of time using the library computers. She will write to Melody if she has any questions.
Jerry will be home in 40 minutes. Janet had a good day at work, but her boss can be a bitch sometimes.
Mark, Anna, George and Julia are going on a package tour. They will choose one of the cheaper options from a tour operator.
Stanley can't believe in Del. She accused him of having an affair. He can't go for the weekend with her because of work. The analysis for the previous project should be done tonight, so he can start working on it today. Alison disappeared from all the media and won't answer her phone. The division of the tasks is on Stanley.
Kimberly left the cafe yesterday with her umbrella. She got it as a gift from her mother a few years ago. Laura gives her the number to the cafe: 613-785-4329.
Catherine applied for an accounting position at Pandora. She will have an interview on Monday.
Anna will go to the doctor with Fiona tomorrow at 8 a.m.
Dan wanted to wash his hands and the pipe under the wash basin exploded. Andrea will write to the owner and Dan will do it himself.
Linda is cooking Curry for dinner.
Matt thinks his homestay parents don't treat him well because he stays at home too much and they have to pay more for electricity.
Ann thanks Katie for hosting Tim on Monday evening and for dropping him off at the railway station next morning. Katie and Ann spent a week together 20 years ago in Saint Fargeau. Katie will pick up Ann's son tomorrow.
Sharon's mum is angry, she's grounded and she lives with her parents. Ahmed wants her to move in with him, but she has to work and she's still a student. Her parents will stop talking to her.
Rob is looking at today's memes and finds them either stupid or have no humour value.
Mike will refill the hand sanitizer by the restrooms.
Cheryl had an argument with her mother, because she forgot to close the window when she was leaving home. She kicked her out, but gave her time till the end of the year.
David is landing at 17:30 at Sevilla. Victor will pick him up from the airport.
Ann will pay 200 dollars for the laptop. Josh has a bag and a small usb mouse.
Sara will do the washing up when she gets back from the cinema with Jack.
Gary is driving for Uber and he's having a lot of fun. Ellie didn't expect him to enjoy it as he's not good at being around new people.
Leah sent Kristi a link with a 20% discount coupon on the online shop. Kristi remembered that she needed new trainers. Leah will get some accumulated money for the shopping next time.
Steve will call Sue when he gets the message.
There was a bear attack at the zoo. Megan thinks it's cruel and wrong.
Mick didn't get the confirmation from AES yet. Barbara did. Mick will call them.
Allison sent Alan a file with budget estimation for the current year instead of for the next year. The reason for the double of the costs in the line "other expenses" was when the boss had to come back from Japan for the convention.
Liam and Nate will meet in 15 minutes.
Duncan wishes Carl all the best in this year's championship. Carl is using a 6 speed hydrolic shift gearbox this year. Duncan and his cousin are going to watch the championship.
Terry will take his dog away before Dinny comes.
Anastasia and Darrell had their new school photos taken in less than a minute. Anastasia needed a new one for her school ID.
Kim is going to Seoul in April with Jane, who will be the tour guide.
Aubrianna's friend's father died because of malaria in kongo.
Josh lost his sneakers last Tuesday. He thought he left them in the gym, but they said nothing was found. He will try to check the swimming pool.
It's Valentine's Day. Aria will come to Warsaw as soon as she quits work. Bella hopes to leave work at 6.
Sutter is injured, so he can't go to the ball game tonight. The game starts at 8.
Daina needs to put her make up in about an hour.
Carmen will be at Viola's wedding on Friday night.
Madeline and Alex had a fight today. They will meet tomorrow for a beer.
Betty will check in on Mom and Grandpa from time to time.
Whitney and William are going to have spaghetti alla vongole for dinner.
Maria, Sarah, Martha, Alexander and Lawrence will meet tomorrow evening at 17:15 to discuss all remaining questions after the IMF lecture and do the calculations.
Molly and Anna are going to the Muse concert in Cracow. Hannah doesn't like them.
Tabby has 2 exams next week. Laura passed all the exams but one. Tabby will come to Daisy's party on Saturday.
Becky and Trent have a new kitten named Coco. It took them 2 days to win her over.
Sosie will be at Kyra's flat in 5 minutes.
Ronnie explains to Clint how the waste management works in his city. They use three different bins: compost, recycle and trash. People there live in a different world when it comes to environmental awareness. In Ronnie's city there was a ban on single use plastic bags in grocery stores and straws in restaurants.
Tina is still at work and her phone is dying. She will call Adam tomorrow after 9.
Natalie is pregnant. Dave is the father.
Nick will bring Steve some chicken for lunch.
Gemma wants to invite Timmy and his date to Lona and Michelle's weddings.
Millie is sick and won't come today.
Daisy wants Lisa to be back home before 11 pm.
Tina will be on the bus in 3 minutes.
Noah has a quince on his terrace. William collected the rest of them for Sophie. The quince will keep for a couple of days. Sophie will talk to Frank and maybe to the twins about the quince. The twins will be on their way from Notts tomorrow afternoon and will pass Windfield.
Harry is going to Ikea. He will buy a table cloth 120 cm x 140 cm, two medium size wardrobe organisers, one wooden spatula and three bottle cleaners for Sarah.
Cindy is sad but doesn't want to talk about it.
Nadia and Jannet had fun yesterday. They will go to the disco next time.
Mark will bet 100 bucks that he will be the first one to try out Jeff's new car.
Ann congratulates Julie and Sue on their success. Ann and Julie will have a little celebration tonight.
Kathy's aunt is getting her haircut today. Kathy is also going to get her hair cut.
Mr. Benson is in Peru discussing a contract with a new client. He wants to talk to Claudia and Andy about their work while he's away.
Den's mother cried over a TV show this morning. Jane thinks she needs to get out more and invites her for tea on Friday.
Ludo is in room 112 with Hugo and Charles in class 3.
Chandler wants Phoebe to open her door and pay the delivery guy.
Max's sister is studying in Shanghai. She thinks it's a good investment.
Russ hasn't read the report David e-mailed him yet. He will do it by midday. David will answer some emails now.
Catherine and the boys are going to visit uncle Steve. Ben doesn't want to go with them because he doesn't like family visits.
Kaya has been looking for Clay in Library. Clay is in the class room.
Sean won't be able to take the car to the carwash because he has to finish his report first. He will take it tomorrow.
Julia will wait for Bert with dinner. Bert will try to be home on time.
Steve has a new dishwasher. He doesn't have to put it on every day.
There is an update for Michelle. It installs bugs on her computer.
Joy is coming back on Thursday.
Henry wants to reserve a table at cafe Kohaku near Covent Garden, but he can't find them anywhere. Their Facebook page disappeared. Julia was there last week and wanted to take her cousin there, but the place's empty. They went to the Lilly's instead, but it's not the same.
Olivia has a lot of work to do. She should do her accounts and get all the incoming and outgoing invoices sorted by months. She also needs to upload some videos to YouTube.
Emily has broken one of Linda's green tea cups when she was cleaning the cupboards in the dining room.
Tom and Camilla are going to Dublin for 2 days this weekend.
Sandra is recovering from her illness. Stella will take her to the cinema to watch an action movie.
Harley and Ruby are gossiping about the divorce filing of a serial cheater. The wife wants a monthly settlement, half his pension and a house. He paid for everything yet still managed to buy her mom a house and take extravagant vacations.
Ken has a lot going on at work and at mom's. He is going to see a show on Saturday night and see the grandkids on Sunday at the zoo.
It's derby day today. Manchester United will win.
Dexter misses Addisyn. They haven't talked for a long time.
Jason was absent today. He had a dental appointment.
Don has a meeting with management board today at 2 pm in the conference room. Cindy has already made the arrangements for his trip next week. He will stay at Hilton.
Samuel is at a joint in Laos. He ordered mushroom pizza.
Celia and Mike will go to Croatia for holiday.
Jasmine and Paola love Charlie Puth's new song. Paola also likes Galway Girl.
Jaz will visit Sharon on Sunday at 2.30 to dye her roots.
Pete will be home in 20 minutes for lunch.
Kas will check his schedule with work and let Laura know if he can tidy up her dreads this weekend.
Jill and Ally can't do more than 3-4 hours of work per day.
Professor Evans, who taught James ethics, has an art exhibition opening tomorrow. James and Amelia will go to the exhibition and to the cinema together. They will meet at James's place afterwards.
The readings for the next session of Stephen's seminar are not yet in the print shop. Rita will ask them to print more for later.
Ost bought a garage place in Belgrade. He wants to rent it out and do the restitution of his money.
Hania has been on the road for 3 hours. She will arrive in Zawiercie around 7 pm. Julia will pick her up from the platform. They will order a pizza or burgers.
Kaylee is blocking Gavin.
Lara is coming today.
Mazie and her friends are having a drink tonight. Lee doesn't want to join them, because he dislikes Sheryl.
Zachary will bring Erin a piece of the cake she baked. He is busy cleaning the flat now.
Joseph had three job interviews in two days. Two of them were for hotels. The third one was ok, but the woman didn't like him.
Sue will send Graham dates for weekends in Romford area. Louise wants Graham to focus on motorways this time. Sue will let Graham know when Louise comes back to her.
Brett's cousin met his wife in WoW. Andrew's favourite RPG is the Final Fantasy series.
Rael hates her job. She wants to change it, but she needs to find a new job first. Zach recommends IT to Rael.
Susan went to a rollerskating disco with her date.
Joe is going to watch Deadpool 2 with the guys tonight.
Euodia doesn't know what Tiktok is. Domigo explains it to her.
Hugh has just given birth to a son.
Nathalie and Tony are going to Greece for a holiday in August. Jacob needs to be back by 10, because his sister is getting married.
Maria and Lori were supposed to meet at Prudential, but there is a traffic jam. Lori will be at Copley in 5 minutes.
Marta suspects Jay is a pathological liar because he keeps talking about how he has all this money and travels all over the world. Marta just found out that Jay lives in a studio apartment in the outskirts of town.
Chuck and Ally are not sure what to do on New Year's Eve. Telly is hesitating about going to Luke's party as his apartment is not party-friendly. Chuck tells Telly about Bernie's party and The Spot's party.
Karen passed.
Bunny advises Gill to make his own peeling.
Ryan is visiting his family in Manchester for Christmas. Chris stayed home with Ann for the first time.
Bruce's crowdfunding campaign has reached 5000 dollars.
Liam will pick Kane up at 8.
Kate had a fight with Chris again. She doesn't understand why he says certain things. She tries to talk to him but he doesn't listen. Kate doesn't want to be friends with him any more.
Celine went skating with Mark for the first time.
Lia's family wants her to come for Passover, but the tickets are expensive and she has a lot of work. Sarah bought her tickets yesterday for 500 quid. She's flying on the 28th.
Jack hasn't received the package Gene sent him on Friday.
Miranda cancels tomorrow's meeting with Stephanie because she has to work 20 hours a day.
Blake will wait for Clara and Jenny on the platform at fabro-ficule.
Raymond and Charlotte will have both pizza and pasta. Charlotte will come over in 15 minutes.
Zack watched a couple of episodes of the new Jersey Shore season. The cast consists of Snooki, J-Wow, Pauly D, Ron, The Situation, Deena and Vinny.
Will is standing in a long line at the post office in order to send a letter in the XXI century.
Ella and Serena went to the new club in Cork last weekend. It was a waste of time.
Margaret and Peter are hesitating about going to Sweden for a week in January. Kai advises them to visit the Vasa Museum.
Frank will go mushroom picking with Avril at the weekend. Avril is going to see horse racing.
Mel will pick up Adam and Xander from Multisports tomorrow at half 10.
Ethan is sore after yesterday's meeting. He usually goes to the gym every other day, but this week he's trained every day. Ray and Dustin will meet at 8 pm at Ray's place. Ethan will pick up the kids.
Diana is going for a hip-hop workshop in a week. Frann will join her.
Pam lost her phone when she was paying at the shop. She has only had it for half a year. There is an option to display something on the screen. Pam will check it out.
A guy got beaten and mugged on campus. He's in the hospital, but he'll be fine. The assailant had a mask on.
Nathan and Deborah are going hiking tomorrow. Nathan is seeing the dentist after work. Deborah will pick up the girls from school and they will meet at home. Nathan will buy the syrup for travel sickness on his way from work.
Casper, Alexander and Igor will not go to the lecture with Mr Linda tomorrow. They will go somewhere else instead.
Javier is looking for a tattoo parlors in Warsaw. His girlfriend had a 1000 euro tattoo done.
Sam and Jessica are coming to the hotel on the 15th of August at 2 p.m.
Marsha, Cynthia, Mohammad and John will spend a week on the beach in Nosy Be, Madagascar.
Cyprien was born in Jarrow and lives in London now. He was educated in Loughborouogh, so in a sense he came from there. In another sense he comes from his mother's vagina.
Joanna needs to get the stains out of her ecru dress. Ethel recommends a cheap dry-cleaner at Jagiellonska 3.
Charlie doesn't want to have a pizza with Anna tonight, because he's still upset about all the things that happened.
It's very cold outside. Jason has been running around the city all day in the cold. Nadine is seeing a lot of sick patients at her clinic.
Lora and Miranda lend Leticia 10$ because she lost her wallet. Leticia is afraid she will have to get new documents.
Paula will get the paper from the office tomorrow. The deadline for the application is Friday at noon.
Ben and Steven will have pizza at Marco's tonight.
Daniel took Terence's money. Terence found it elsewhere last month.
Levy didn't throw the garbage out. Lucy will have to do it now.
Vinny will lend his car to Willy for a day or so. They will car pool together a couple of days a week.
Lindsey has just finished her class. She wants to go for another class, but earlier she asked another girl to put her name on the attendance list instead of her.
Dory's friend is coming over the day after tomorrow. She will stay for around a week. Jason has bought the app in which to video and to edit and Lucy has written a script for the movie.
Michelle and Jared used to go out together. Jared wants to ask Kelly out.
Reeve, Winslow and Trish are going to the seaside for winter break.
Zayna and Alex will meet for a drink at 8 pm at Zayna's place.
Grace didn't talk to Audrey at the party last night. Grace is excited about graduating soon and considering applying for grad school or taking a year off.
Monica sends Natalie the recipe for her famous cheesecake.
Ethan will send Dixie Jason's phone number in a minute.
Amanda didn't enjoy parks and rec. She likes the actress who plays the main character, Amy Poehler.
Bob wants to play the game with Harry. Harry has a broken car and a shitty job.
Randal didn't buy the nail polish because he doesn't know which one is pink. Sidney tells him it's fuschia. The shop assistant is looking at Randal weird.
Chicago lost last night. Pat is not a soccer fan, but he likes baseball and hockey. Pat likes basketball too, but not as much as Mike. Pat and Mike will meet up one day to play basketball.
Nate and Julie are overbooked for the first day dinner. Nate has to create a new file and feed the data into the tables himself.
Farrah has a great collection of fossils, but not everyone appreciates them. Enrique wants to share them with the 4th grade students. Farrah will give her name and number to the teacher.
Zoey and Thomas are in the tropics. On Sunday they had a walk around the summit of Belchen.
Trinny, Susannah and Linda will meet at 6 at the main entrance.
Emma and Peter are going to Amiens tomorrow. Daniel is fed up with Paris. They will meet at Emma's place at 9am.
Pet shop offers a 10% discount for new customers when they checkout. Breann and Dianne will choose the colors.
Hugh will make the base and prepare everything earlier and put the pizza in the oven.
The next ASEEES conference will take place in San Francisco. Chloe hoped for Hawaii, but the last conference in 1993 was criticised for the high costs of travelling to the place.
Finn's package has left the warehouse and will be delivered to him tomorrow.
Rhonda will send Precious the content for the November email blast.
Derek McCarthy needs to borrow an Android cable for an hour. Tommy is in Poland and will call his wife Paulina to borrow the cable. She will give it to Derek McCarthy at 8:15 pm.
Judy will feed Derek's animals on Friday and Saturday. Derek will give Judy his keys on Thursday.
Laura, Kelsey and Sid are going to see Aquaman on Thursday at 8:10. Oona will buy the tickets.
Rob, Greg, Will and Anna are going to start a Get off the couch challenge. Rob will start with 30 min of activity every day.
Bennett and Cynthia are going to a new hipster bistro.
Lorenzo has just arrived in Tuscany. Will is on the train in Arezzo. Amanda is still on the highway. Lorenzo will call the guy from airbnb and take the keys to the room.
Walker will bring his Xbox console with him.
Laura's mom passed away this morning. Anne and Kristian will visit her.
The cafes by the river got damaged with the flods. The cost to repair them is high. Keith and Adam miss going there.
Ana and Katy are going to see a film by Lola Arias at 7 pm on Saturday.
John sends Henry a picture of Bristol Stool Scale to read in the morning. Henry had a nice poop this morning, but he's never really constipated.
Mary and Patricia are flying to Japan in a week. They are afraid of the long flight, earth-quakes and tsunamis. James tries to calm them down.
Linda won't manage to do any gardening before leaving.
Drade's brother left the group chat room because he was angry with Drade. Drade apologizes and sends an invitation to him.
Kate broke her arm and they're sending her to the hospital. Greg doesn't know if their medical insurance covers hospital costs.
Charlie's sister has just passed her last exam on her uni. Frank will go out with Charlie tonight.
Clara won't be home before 7 as she's at the gym. Bella will pop in after 7:30. Clara will prepare a snack and bring the wine.
Jose and Ricky wish each other merry Christmas and a happy new year. They are looking forward to the summer and the trip to Cuba, Mexico and Thailand in 2019.
Susan and Rob will have dinner together tomorrow. Susan will cook something special.
The test for tomorrow is units 2 and 3.
Sharon loves the lamps Steph bought at Ikea. She needs proper hangers, preferably from copper.
Anna will call Peter in 20 minutes.
Jesse broke Stig's razor.
Patrick has changed his phone number to +44 7700 900077.
Lucy's uncle Sam has just come back from work. Dad told them he was in hospital, but it's nothing serious. Yvonne looked stunning at her cousin's wedding in Chicago two weeks ago.
Thomas will buy butter on his way home. Jack is making a mushroom soup.
Debbie will bring Helen her laptop to work as she has a presentation today.
Jessica got a plant for her birthday but nobody knows the name so she can't look up how to care for it. Boston looked it up.
John and Annie are coming back to London. Amber will be renting their place until they return from Germany. John lost his job in Germany. He got a better offer from an IT company in London.
Vicky, Ludovica, Greg, Audrey, Marty and kids will meet at Fratellis in 10 minutes.
Amir doesn't feel like tomorrow. Kaylin has set three alarms just in case.
Lois couldn't get onto her aacount. She's thinking of deleting both files. Keira's sister is grounded for a month.
Natacha will pick Charles up from the RER station Vesinet at 5:30 pm.
Simon didn't hear Helen calling him because he was on the phone. Simon will fetch Helen some tissues.
There is a big snowstorm outside. It reminds Ricky of a time when he was hiking in the mountains. Tom went hiking with his friends a couple of years ago. They rented a cabin in the wild.
Lucy and her friends are going to the gig at 8. Maggie will come to Lucy's at 6 pm to pamper themselves.
Rose and Jake are going to buy Christmas gifts for everybody tomorrow.
Martha saw a documentary about minimalism gurus. She thinks it's a good idea to buy things that will serve you longer, but it's difficult to be mindful about everything you buy.
Albert passed his driving exam for the fourth time.
Jaya hasn't seen Ravi's mother in the club for almost 4 months. She has been suffering from knee pain for almost 5 years now and the doctor has asked her to restrict movement. Ravi tried naturopathy, but it didn't help.
Lynn doesn't want to have sex with an old man. Steviee and Wilbur are laughing at her.
Alice has a terrible flu. She's been sick for 10 days. She hasn't taken the vaccine.
Sandra left Millas' present at Marco's place yesterday. Marco will bring it over.
Mum will wrap something up for Steve.
Zariah has a backache almost every day recently.
James will pick Hannah up on Saturday at 8.
Rachel and Caron are going for a drink to Red Lion at 8.
Victor is too busy this Saturday to help with the event Sara is organizing.
Wendy has grown prettier since she came from Houston. Dave wants to hit on her, but Jerry is her lover.
George will call Patricia in an hour or so.
Mario has landed in every airport in Europe today. He's waiting in Luxembourg now.
Lena and Brian don't like the new professor. They don't want to do the homework. They will meet tomorrow at philosophy class.
Booth was at the local theatre the other day. It was cool and cheap. Elvin got invited to the same theatre.
Callum is busy.
Emily needs Jacob to hurry up as the buses are about to leave.
Molly met up with Chuck on Friday, but she told him no and he made up a story.
Sally and Rita like Borns' new album and Florence's new single.
Gloria is too poor for her lifestyle. She made sushi and tiger prawn korma. She should cook more.
Haley found an old photo of Bella when she was a kitten. Bella is now middle-aged.
This Christmas at Wall Street was the worst since the end of the 19th century, but it's bounced back since. Jeff, Peter and Miranda are worried about the global economy and Brexit.
Alexa asked Ethan to insult Hunter. She was jealous to see Hunter with Ethan that day. They will talk about it tomorrow.
Ann has extra math classes at school. She will be home at 7.
Lorenna can't come to the party tomorrow as she needs to take Emma to the doctor. She will stay at home with her for a few days.
Iga had planned a weekend getaway with her boyfriend, but he couldn't talk his group into changing the date of the presentation. They haven't been sitting together since Monday.
Samuel's language is Telugu, spoken in South east India. It's spoken by nearly 90 million people. Samuel is 35 years old. Tim is 55.
Pete will buy the pear-flavoured yogurt for Jen.
Eve, Charlie and Nicole are meeting at the entrance.
Jenkin's spirit animal is a dolphin. Sophie's is a fox. Jenkin will bring Sophie the fox cards tomorrow.
Daisy will send Scarlett her RGS application right now.
Christie and Katie are tired after the party.
Sam and Carla will meet tomorrow at 2 at Meanwood cafe.
Lily needs to rent a pop corn machine for the office Christmas party. She will screen Love Actually. Daniel will check if he knows someone who rents them.
Sara is at a boring meeting. Louis doesn't know what he should buy Lilly and Stephen for the wedding.
Chris tried jogging today for the first time in a while. He did quite well. Matt is taking pills that slows his heart rate.
Eric and Dan liked the second season of Punisher but they think the first one was better. Netflix discontinued Daredevil.
Hilary and Geri are going to check out shoes together tomorrow after work. They will also get some frozen yogurt.
The top management is coming from France next week. Jacob and Alex got an invitation via Outlook to the meeting.
Joana and Sandy will play dixit or carcassonne.
Jenny, Jeremy and Joan are going to the concert on Saturday. They will start with a drink. The concert is on 8th Avenue.
John and Matt have a practice today.
George and Blake are coming.
Steve bought the new Dream Theater album 5 minutes ago. Rob has it ready for the first listening.
Martin will buy two milks for Alex in a couple of hours.
Hansel will tell his sister to text back.
Joy sends Peter a link to her beauty shop.
Josh spent New Year's Eve with his friends. Emma went to the seaside. She had her beer jacket on. She has a cold now.
Andy will be home by 8.
Stewart and Shari are angry about the president's comments about the forests and want to vote for someone else.
Lydia added a guy on Facebook and he accepted her invitation. They have just texted. They work in the same company.
Daria got a new job at a law firm.
Boris has to deny Sarah's request for PTO because she is too low on the totem pole. He will give her first choice of dates the week after. Sarah will amend her request for the following week, Monday through Wednesday.
Blair and Chuck are meeting the wedding planner after work at Nonna Rita's. Chuck wants to order their seafood tagliatelle.
Ruth hasn't replied to Alan's email yet. He's sending her an attachment right now. Ruth has just opened the attachment and didn't have trouble.
Oscar and Payne will meet for a coffee at Tristano's in half an hour.
Frank and Hope love each other.
Gina will send Luke a PDF file of the parrot she painted yesterday.
Tina and Steve will go shopping together after work. They will meet in the car park.
Rudi and Henrietta are shocked by the last Trump video.
Luis doesn't want to talk to Cole even though they are in the same room.
Daniel passed his driving license exam.
Samuel Anderson and Katherine Jackson won't come to the individual meetings tomorrow. The meetings will take place in Andrew Simmons office, room 104.
Rosie is feeling better today, but still not good.
Ty needs a translator. Veronica doesn't speak French.
Emily is waiting for her doctor with a nun and a blind crazy man.
Lisa, Sarah and Mary are going to take him to the aquarium. Frank will help them transport it.
Conor was out with some college friends. He will bring Mario a bucket of fries from KFC.
Ditty came back last night. Inga didn't want to wake Ditty up this morning, because she has some mail for Ditty. Ditty will collect the parcel from Inga around 6 pm.
Mason didn't watch Chelsea game, because he was busy all afternoon. Damian is happy for the team, because Higuain scored twice.
Jay and Joe are going to a concert. Jay will lend Joe some money to buy tickets. Jay has convinced Ruth and Paulette to accompany them.
Robyn is feeling better today after drinking too much last night.
Aaron has a connecting flight in Cairo and might leave the airport for a few hours to pass the time.
Gino doesn't know whether he should wear the white or the black shirt. Renee advises him to wear the black pants, the white shirt and the brown shoes.
James will pick up Richard at 6:15.
Caleb sent Ella a photo of Maya who is playing a mouse in a school play.
Javier reminds Marco to sign the attendance form when he arrives.
Josh will pick Michelle up at 7 tomorrow night to go to the movies.
Yaz and Tania are going to the pub on Friday at 8.
Anna studies a lot. She finds it depressing. Jerry tries to look for positives. Anna likes dark humour.
Jacks has played poker on the Bulls Eye platform several times and he made a few bucks on it. He sends Robin links to some good sites.
Sergio prepared a speech for Ulrich's wedding. He will talk about how Ulrich has been a great friend over the years. He is nervous about giving the speech.
Edward, Kate and Lauren are going on a business trip tomorrow. The boss is coming with them. They are going to an expo.
Robert wants to meet Gabriel for a coffee. Gabriel quit the office about a month ago. Gabriel is at home looking into what he's doing next.
Susan's presentation was a disaster. Becky has a fever. Tom will pick her up and take her to his mother's house.
Noah and Leo are going to see Solstafir at 21.11 on Wednesday. Archie is not.
Marleen is leaving in half an hour to go to town. Barry doesn't have any ideas for a present for Rita. She loves yellow kerchiefs. Marleen and Barry will split the cost 50/50.
Lucas and Darren will meet for a beer in the evening.
Zandra's daughter's birthday party is tomorrow. The cake is still not ready. Tricia will send Erwin to get it by bike. Zandra has to make decorations. The food and outside attractions will be organized by a company.
Raf forgot to text Laura back. Sarah is at an exotic island called Linate.
Adam has an exam in 10 minutes.
Paul will be home later than he thought. He will call Lena in 15 minutes to tell her what happened.
Bob and Nigel like Felix Laband. Nigel went to the concert last night in Paris.
There was a cat on the pitch at Goodison.
Ewan graduated.
Daniel, Matt and Brian are going on a trip to Bosnia and Herzegovina. Michael reminds them to pack their passports.
Ross and Chandler will go karaoke tonight. Chandler will record everything. Ross will do George Michael.
Poppy and Harry don't like parties. They prefer sightseeing.
Gyle will come home to see what happened yesterday.
Kate and Regina had a good feedback from their presentation. Only 3 people came to listen to it.
Zac is on his way to visit Barbara. He will bring the dog. They will stay overnight.
Quinn and Kyle are going out tonight after school. Quinn has GCSES. Kyle is working for his uncle Kev at the building site. Quinn hates school and needs to retake the subjects he failed in. Kyle will ask his brother for some vodka and cigarettes.
Dick and his partner are interested in buying an apartment in building 32. Frank will come and see it in 30 minutes.
The movie starts at 9 pm. Steven and Mia will grab Chinese food at 8 pm.
Marshall can't go out tonight because he has no money. Lilly will watch Netflix with him.
James is out of the team because of the coach. He has already texted him.
Stu's IT friend, Alex, downloaded Open Office and some other programs and put them on a CD for Priscilla's new laptop. She bought the software online.
Rita wants to know more about Helen's client Salvage Industries. Helen will double check if they have any PR problems.
Ginger will come to Phylis to get some sugar for her pie.
Robert is with his kids now. Anthony will go for a beer with Andrew around 9. In the evening Anthony is taking his lady for a date.
Jill is bored and needs to find a job. Nate will call her when he gets off work.
Jake has pulled a TOTW this year. He will try him in one or two matches, but he's not a good fit for his squads.
Victoria and Rosemary are going to record the drums this weekend, but Rosemary doesn't have a working laptop. Victoria has a tablet, but it has only 2gb ram, so it's not enough for recording. Rosemary will get back to Victoria with some ideas.
Jordan got his birthday card and money from Cass. He likes Thomas the Tank engine.
Jane will be 10 minutes late. Alex will be waiting for her by the left entrance. Jane took the file with the xerox copies.
Ken is depressed. He had a bad day yesterday. Ellen is worried about him.
Phil got a card from Deana. Constantine was very happy. Deana found Adrian's sunglasses in the empty place above the radio. She will keep them.
Alice's dad is coming to decorate Jo's place for a month. Kim and Alice will meet on Friday after 8 pm.
Jessica has been to Palermo in Italy. She tells Mickey and Ollie about the Capuchin Catacombs with 8000 corpses.
Spencer has a lot of commissions coming in. He works 16 hours a week at the call centre and the rest of the week on his illustrations. He earns around £1000 a month before commission and tax. He is frugal and spends a lot on rent and bills.
Tim wants to organize a newbie gaming evening. Joe gives him some tips on how to do it.
Richard and Anne have a project due on 15th of December. Holy is out of town and will be back on Monday. She will do some research tonight and send them back to Richard.
Gurdun will probably be back at the uni on Wednesday. Gurdun had flu three months ago. Russ had the same flu. Russ's team won the last match.
Leo shares a funny video with Charlie and Oliver.
Mummy and Thessalia wish each other a happy Christmas.
Samara wants to play with JP but he has to go to work.
Michael can't leave the office before 8 pm today. He will call Tom tomorrow.
Kevin will buy Dan a sandwich on his way to work.
Simon and Charlie are critical of EU immigration policy. Poland is one of the last countries unspoilt by uncontrolled migration and terrorism. Poland has a chance to develop in fast pace and at the same time avoid all the mistakes other western powers made. There is a risk that internal conflict will rip the country apart.
Tilly had to go for detention. She will be home in about 40 minutes.
Gloria and Mell are going to have a BBQ at Mell's place on Saturday. Gloria will prepare the food and bring the drinks.
Whitney will take Hailey to I-max cinemas on the day Aqua man is released. Shadrack and his girlfriend will accompany them.
Jenny got training shoes for Christmas. George got a cooking pot. His wife wants him to help her in the kitchen.
Lincoln broke Hudson's toilet seat. He will buy a new one and let Hudson know if it works.
Katherine is going to bring her daughter around 11. Kayla finishes at 11.
Lorena got a new desk and needs Martin's help with assembly instructions. He can't help her today, but will help her tomorrow.
Everett will give Amy's phone number to Ralph.
Ross has to work for 2 hours tonight. Ross and Diane are going to chill at home.
Ed tells Valerie, Chris, Lor, Jessica and Matt that sex is a sin and only for procreation.
Cristina and Gaya will meet next week at Gaya's studio to discuss the shoot.
Bon Jovi are coming to Warsaw, next July. Matt, Phil and Tony want to go. The cheapest tickets start from PLN 250.
Dan split the food from the BBQ equally. There are no leftovers for Ken, Ashley, Vicky and Eric.
Harper and Camila are going to watch Ugly Truth tonight.
Harry will be late for the birthday party. Michael and Vanessa are still on their way. Peter is stuck in a traffic because of an accident.
Callan's Samsung S8 overheats and then it takes a while for it to restart again. He's going to the store to have it checked. It's still under warranty.
Mike is in London.
Andrea can't come to work today as she needs to take her sick son to the doctor.
Phil is in the shop. He will be home in an hour. Nancy will make an apple pie.
Bryan's manager will send the payment to Piper tonight.
Clay and Richie are excited about Pogba's strike.
Sybille is trying to make an online registration for the flight AF3581 from Minneapolis to Paris the 29th, but she only gets an error message. The flight is operated by Delta Airlines for departure from the United States. Sybille's 16-year-old son couldn't get his flight yesterday, so she asked for it to be postponed. Air France will get in touch with Delta US and issue a new ticket for her son.
Natalia, Harriet and Lara will book the flight today.
Hans wants Slade to come to the practice now and bring the ball.
Holt wants to buy his 21-year-old sister a set of DVDs and some cosmetics for her birthday.
Roxana and Summer advise Georgia to buy it.
Miley doesn't want to go to work tomorrow.
Greg is coming to BG for a business trip. He will stay for two nights at Nina's place.
Amal likes Beyonce's tweet.
Alec recommends "America's Got Talent" to Alexa. She likes the girl and thinks she might win the edition.
Kelly still hasn't received the rent money. John sent it to the wrong account. John will ask the bank to re-send the money to the right account.
James is not watching the game as he is going to work.
Lilian's phone battery died, but she called her parents and told them she is at Helen's place.
Barbara asked Freddy to sing at the school concert on Friday. Simon can't find time to practice in the coming week. Freddy will send him the backing tracks for the songs he would like to sing. Simon will play guitar during the concert.
Tommy didn't get picked up from the station by his mum, so he had to take a bus. He liked the weekend. He will talk to his dad in the evening.
Tobias and Trevor will meet at 9 at Tobias's place for a beer.
Autumn hasn't checked the tests for a month because the dress wouldn't sew itself. She will show Israel the whole dress soon.
Frances has just returned from a holiday in the Vosges. She had a great time and didn't spend much money. She cooked for herself and Ferdinand.
Stew hates the game with super hard levels. Paula can't get past 637 no matter what she does. She will look up the cheats online.
Bethany doesn't want to work as a computer investigator, because she can't imagine talking to stupid users all day.
Jackie's sister got pregnant. Jackie is worried about her because she doesn't think her brother-in-law earns enough money for his kids.
Sean, Joseph and Mike are going to the lecture tomorrow morning. Sean has never managed to pass the exam, so he doesn't want to share his notes with them.
Anna has a stomachache. She ate cereal with milk and a banana for breakfast. Joanna is in her room. Anna will get her a hot tea with some fresh mint leaves.
Ziggler will bring his passport tomorrow.
Someone ordered a cake with a huge penis on it. Kate and Jeff are in the little room next to the reception. The woman making the cake is working in the small room under the stairs.
Larry and Kirsten are going to vote on the insurance issue on Sunday. They will ask Jamie and John for their opinion.
Chloe is going to Megan's house tonight. Lesley wants her to come home and let the dog out.
Natalie's wallet is in Tobias' room.
Phil is on his way from one client to another. Rob needs to talk to Phil in person. Phil will be in Rob's office tomorrow morning.
Martin is asexual. He doesn't want to break up with Nicole.
Mike woke up with an allergic reaction.
David wants to get a new tattoo but doesn't know what to get. Mike will go get one with him.
Olivia will buy some fresh tomatoes and chocolate for the dinner.
There are a lot of vans on the road from the swimming pool to Waitrose. Peter has to finish a presentation for the repairs team tomorrow. Eileen wanted him to do it. Karen got stuck after yoga. Peter is almost done.
Matt and Nick don't know what internet connection they have. They need it for the application. Nick usually uses his mobile service.
Baron, Gabriel and Gavin are going to a match next week.
Mia, Peter and Karine are critical of Donald Trump.
Madison found an offer for Thailand. Tickets cost a lot, but the rest is extra cheap. Children under 12 get 50% off.
Tina likes Patrick. Demi likes men too, but she worked hard to change her attitude after a heartbreak. They want to meet.
Nanna has broken her leg, so she can't visit Freddie and Mummy. She will visit her daughter, Winnie, soon.
Mark, Clint and Phil are going to see 'Batman' this Saturday at 7.
There is mould in Betty's spare bedroom upstairs and in the dinign room. Andy will install a fan system and treat the walls to get rid of the mould. He will send Betty a detailed quote for the work by Friday.
Warren locked the door.
There is a conference about relations at school in Sesame Street. Aaron is giving two lectures and serving as a host. Claire will attend Jo's workshop on teamwork.
Rob wants to sell his flat. He moved in a year ago. Rob and his wife are thinking about having a baby and the flat is too small. Rob has a friend who is relocating to another city and offers a good price.
Evan talked to Ethan about the function. Ethan might not come. Evan will try to make Ethan come.
Daisy is in Naples. She took a ferry early in the morning yesterday. She is seeing a lot of beautiful places. She will be in San Francisco from 1-5 September. Charlie will take a train to Florence.
Adele is still listening to the song Kode recommended her. Kode has that song in his music library for 3 years. He will send Adele the whole album in USB.
Ian broke up with Claire 1,5 years ago. Maddie will ask Leah about it next time.
Violet is going on vacation. She wants to get a Brazilian waxing, but she's scared. Paisley has been in a waxing salon once and she's not going back.
Linda will follow Suzy on Instagram.
Sean reminds Rick and John about the trade deadline today. John would like to get Lamar Jackson, but he's on waivers. John might have a way to change the QB rule after the season.
Amelia's mum was on a crazy diet and she gained 5 pounds.
Carrie has just seen Fantastic Beast. Gina saw it last week and liked it. Alex was thinking of going this weekend with Lane, but he's seen some bad reviews. Gina loved Eddie Redmayne as Newt.
Emily's favourite colour is blue.
Mary moved to Southampton in December.
He got fired 2 days ago and thrown out of school.
Alex likes the flash because it opens up the whole multiverse for him.
Marek found a nice ass on the escalator in the shopping mall.
Mark and Daniel are going to meet for drinks at Mark's place tonight. Daniel's sister is visiting.
Bart bombed his economy final and ended up with a bad score. He didn't study as much as he should have, because he started playing StarCraft. Adrian didn't do that bad, he just pays attention during class. Bart is not going to play games during school anymore.
Margot bought a bottle of wine for Nancy's birthday. Yvonne hasn't bought anything yet.
Lindsay and Finlay came to Elliot's birthday party.
Jennifer and Reece are going to watch "Mad Max" together tomorrow evening.
Sean's spirit animal is a tortoise.
Henry congratulates Mary on the birth of her baby.
Patti's cat is fine. Patti will pick her up from the vet's at 5 pm.
Kate will buy an apple and a tangerine for George at the grocery store tomorrow.
Sam wants to buy earphones from Lia. They are new and cost £187. Sam will buy the white ones.
Kelly, Meghan and Mary will wear red dresses and bright red lipstick.
Kate will borrow Emilly's blue handbag for Friday's wedding. Emilly will bring it to the office tomorrow.
Gina will come to Monica's office for a free usb.
Nathan wants to buy himself a bike in spring. Nathan doesn't want to keep all the bikes striped to the handrails in his apartment. Nathan also has a stationary bike so he can be in shape during winter. His goal for the summer is 100 kilometers.
Parker and Jason like the DC Universe better than Marvel Universe. Jason downloaded the latest episode of Arrow season 7 and will text Parker when it's done.
Michael has been on a 2-week trip to Argentina, Brazil and Chile. He will be in Boston next weekend. He has a conference on the 8th of December. He wants to leave London and look for a job in the Netherlands.
Jacob will pick up the fruits from Carol's garden on Wednesday at 6 pm.
Molly can't think today. It's the silly season.
Janette has got mice in her kitchen.
Lawrence will get back to Madison once he's finished with the article.
Julia's parents are having a fight over where to eat. She doesn't want to eat with them anymore. She will call Ronald when she gets back.
Guido can't understand Agata's posts on Facebook because he doesn't know anything about Java. Agata has a new job in JavaScript and she enjoys it.
Alejandro and Luz are going to meet for the first time in 2 weeks. Luz will be there on 20th December at 4 p.m. Alejandro will pick her up.
Sam started the career mode in FIFA 19.
Damian is starving. Ethan will buy him a kebab.
Adam's flight has been rescheduled. He will be there in less than 24 hours. It's been half a year since his last visit.
Matthew has a cold. Lisa advises him to drink orange juice and rest.
Joyce can't take the car, because Kyle has to go to the mechanic. He will pick up Harry by bus.
Bailey has a lot of fabric in her closet. Mikaela had to buy a box at Ikea.
Susan spent a romantic weekend with Toby. They left on Friday afternoon and got back on Sunday evening. They stayed in a 4-star hotel near the beach. Melissa will send Susan some photos. Toby proposed and Susan said yes.
Olivia is having fun with her grand daughter Linta at Eva's party. Eva has to go home in an hour. She will leave her with Olivia for a day tomorrow.
Jack will be 10 minutes late. Laura will wait inside.
Melissa is not ok with men acting like pigs and grabbing you whenever they feel like it. Hailey had a friend get yelled at by a girl for 5 minutes because he held the door for her and said “Ladies first”.
Zoe sends Frank a video.
Stefano recommends Eco's "The Name of the Rose" and "Foucault's Pendulum" to Josie.
Evan cancels his lesson with Dennis tomorrow. He's got the flu and has been off college since Tuesday. He'll reschedule for next Thursday.
Amanda is going to a free concert in the city park tonight at 9 p.m. Patrick and Camille will join her.
Bobby is annoyed by pharmaceuticals, medicine and drugs. He was watching a film last night and there was a commercial of medical products. In the commercial they mentioned an illness that Bobby had never heard of. He did some research and found out it's not an illness. The pharmaceutical industry is worth at least $1.2 billion today.
Dave sends Greg his statistics notes.
Mark is going out in a moment. Sally doesn't feel well. Mark will pick her up.
Joy and Sandy are meeting on Friday evening at 11 am. Sandy is going for a run, so she may be late. Lina liked Joy's dress, but she thinks it has too much cleavage.
It's raining. Val and Candy will wait half an hour to see if the rain stops.
Ted kept plasters from Poland till this morning after his shower.
Lily will call Kyle in 10 minutes. They will Facetime.
Taylor is throwing a party tomorrow at 8 pm at his house. His parents are away.
Jeremy hasn't received the grant yet. Tomas is broke and checking his bank account every hour. Sierra will lend him some money.
Charles and Camilla are going to visit the German markets in Birmingham and Manchester this weekend. They will have sausages, beer and mulled wine.
Zoe and Xiara didn't apply for the RGS grant last year. Pamela will have a look at their website.
Colin has some news for Ava. Ava is shorter than penguins.
Ursula got a 93 on her French exam. Jana got a 65.
There was an emergency at school today, but it turned out to be a drill.
Perry, Marlow and Forster are going on holiday to Asia in September. They will meet tomorrow at 8 pm at Perry's place.
Lee has been at work for almost 5 months and this is the first time he's seen the client manager wearing a proper dress shirt and a suit jacket. He has a presentation after work. Lee pre-purchased RoS CE in a temporal break of his brains. Pre-ordering opened up a hero in a game not yet released.
Boris will bring home the clothes that are hanging outside.
Barry, Jake, Dave and Kelly are going to march in the Women's strike. They will meet around the campus at noon.
John and Laurel will meet tomorrow at Jade's collection at 5 pm to buy a birthday gift for Diana.
Rachel has a new siamese cat named Portia. She loves her, but she doesn't like the fact that she's allergic to cats.
Matthew, Kristina and Bart are going to Mark's wedding party the next day.
Russel and Diana are going to buy a present for mum.
Amy looks serious at all times. Neither Owen nor Neil have talked to her. They should meet her in person.
Rachel and Wai will meet at 4 at the main entrance of the museum. They will go to some bar afterwards. Rachel is new to the organization and doesn't know what she's supposed to do.
Robert is not in town.
It's Dorothea's birthday today. She's going to meet Tom and eat something in the town. Elena wishes her all the best and invites her to her party on Saturday.
Jules and Derek don't have a class tomorrow.
Ainsley is sick and can't help Jane with her thesis.
Lydia has put on weight after months of working out.
Mick has never done any student exchanges before. He will go to a club with his friends for Halloween. Amka won't dress up. In Poland, Halloween is celebrated on November 1st.
Karine and Jessie were at kindergarten.
Cael hasn't finished the dress yet. Mae hopes to have it soon.
Fiona is in love with her student Conrad, who is 5 years younger than her. She can't stand being in one room with him and when she comes back home after the class she can't do anything for an hour or two, she just listens to the music. Wanda convinces her to do something about it.
Tim, John and Alice are worried about the situation in Kongo. Kongo's resources are crucial for the US, for China, for everybody.
Margaret and Evans will meet on 4th and 11th of December around 10:00 or 11:00. They might meet on 17th.
Joanne wants to talk to Bradley, but he's busy at work.
Pete will be home in 1 hour.
Iris is trying to remove herself from an expense. Juls has left the group. Ken will add her to the car rental price. Gerardo will ask Sara and George to stay in the splitwise group until the end of the month.
Ola will be free by 8. Kurt will call her.
Conny has to write a paper for Mr. Fitz next week. She did her research mostly on the internet. Fitz advised her to go to the library.
Archie thinks Melanie looks like Melanie with straight hair. Louis disagrees.
Carly and Cindy are laughing at her.
Kirsten is going bowling with her youth group this Friday at 7 pm.
Sam doesn't think he likes her because he doesn't talk to her. Cathy confirms that he does. Sam will talk to him tomorrow.
Jess had a dream about being a lion tamer and wants to share it with Charlie and Lynn. Charlie explains that dreams reflect the subconsciousness of the human mind.
Charles is worried about his gluten intolerance. He feels weird recently, bloated and he gain weight even though he doesn't eat much. He had a basic blood test and everything's fine. He should stop eating gluten for a month and see if he feels better.
Ulysses and Peter got an A and a B. Martha can check their grades on the course page.
Andrew doesn't like the Polish joke about sinking a battleship.
Linda missed the train. The next one is in one hour. It cost 80 euros.
Martha wants to buy the lenses from Ophelia's profile picture. They are from Crazy Lenses.
Linda wants to buy flowers for mum, but she doesn't remember which one she likes. Michael suggests tulips, roses and freesias.
Tim will be about twenty minutes late. Gary will try to delay the main presentation.
Marcus will pick up Mark from the airport on Thursday at 4 pm.
Lewandowska has measles. She is Joanna's thesis mentor. They are organizing vaccinations in the main building from 17th until 19th. Joanna will try to do it before work on 18th.
Louisa will bring Thelma her red velvet dress.
Joseph will take his car to the opera.
Carl is waiting for Meg, but she needs 5 more minutes as she lost her key somewhere.
Kim and Ben will meet tonight for pizza with coke.
Stanley is alive and well.
Maria is fed up with her job.
Ryanair cancelled 400,000 flights, affecting Erin, Luke and Ava. Elijah's 2 flights have been confirmed.
Rachel's aunt was in an accident. She's bruised but she's fine. The driver who caused the accident will pay for the rehabilitation.
Monica got drunk at the office party two months ago and became really friendly with Ross. Now Monica is pregnant. Ross is happily married.
Luke got his ass kicked surfing today. Summer almost lost her tooth one time. Low tide is at 2:22 pm tomorrow.
Benjamin didn't go to Friday night's basketball game because his mom is sick. His team won 101-98. Benjamin will go to the next game next weekend.
Jamilla reminds Kiki and Yoyo that the audition starts at 7.30 pm on Antena 3.
Marta accidentally sent a gif to Agnieszka and Weronika.
There was a meet and greet with James Charles in one of the malls in Birmingham and about 8000 fans showed up. British media made some negative comments on it.
Rachel sends Janice the Top 50 Best Films of 2018. Janice's boyfriend forced her to watch Deadpool 2 and Avengers twice.
