Amanda can't find Betty's number. Larry called her last time they were at the park. She will text him.
Eric and Rob like his stand-up.
Lenny will buy the first or the third pair of purple trousers from Bob.
Emma will be home soon. Will will pick her up.
Jane is back from her trip to Morocco. Ollie has a party on the 18th. They will meet on Friday at 6 pm. Jane has already eaten the pastries.
Benjamin, Elliot and Hilary are going to meet at 2 pm at La Cantina to have lunch with French people who work on the history of food in colonial Mexico. They will try to avoid talking about their subject of research.
Max is looking for a place to buy clothes and books. Payton likes browsing, trying on and looking in the mirror, but she doesn't always buy.
Rita and Tina hate their job.
Beatrice will buy a scarf for Leo.
Eric will come to Ivan's brother's wedding. He has a lot to do at home. Ivan will take care of Eric's parents.
Gina will take her father's car and go grocery shopping with Wanda on Friday.
Martin won two cinema tickets online. He has to write a short review and that's it. He will see the new film with Redford till the end of the week.
Charlee is preparing a performance in Portuguese for her university class. The writer is Mrożek.
Ella rented a car.
Luke will join Netflix family. Paul will send him the login and password on Sunday. Luke will wire Paul the money every month. Paul has been on holidays for less than 8 days.
Greg needs to stay after hours, so he asks Betsy to pick up Johnny. She can't do it, because Tuesdays are her days in the kindergarten.
Ethan, Toby and Marshall are making fun of Scott.
Igor has a lot of work to do before his notice period ends in two weeks.
Clara is rewatching Dear White People on Netflix. It's about a fictional Ivy League University and the black students there. The main character, Sam, presents a radio show on college radio. There is a Blackface party held by an elite group of white students, which gets out of hand. The black students try to break it up and there is an incident where Reggie gets a loaded gun pointed at him by a campus policeman after he gets into an argument with a white student.
Mike parked his car in the garage today. Someone crashed into his car.
Beth's mum's 40th birthday is in 6 weeks. Deirdre is organising a girls weekend for Beth, her mum and the girls. Beth wants to work as a beauty therapist for a few hours on a Saturday for a couple of weeks as work experience. Maxine manages the beauty side, Beth will meet her tomorrow and they will see how it goes.
Gloria and Emma have an exam in 4 hours. They need to read all the texts, write fast and correct during the last hour.
Karen and Adam worry about May's mental state. May doesn't want to see a specialist. Karen will call a psychologist for advice.
Mark lied to Anne that he is 30. Today Anne saw his passport and he is 40.
It's Wharton's birthday next week. Darlene, Walker and Heather will buy him a paper shredder at the party tomorrow.
Kelly has a sculpture garden in Finnland. Mickey has a Nagoro village in Japan. Ollie's place is similar to Kelly's.
Myah sends Selah a phone number. Selah can't see the phone number very well.
Today in boss's room he appreciated the decision to dismiss the request of client. He was looking forward to bringing in new clients.
Emma is at the rare of the bus. She will take a nap. Ben will wake her up at 4.15. They are going to arrive to NY around 4.30 PM.
Jesse, Melvin, Lee and Maxine will chip in for the Refuge's Christmas foundation to help women and children who escape from abuse.
Carter will lend Mary a few box in an hour.
Paula tells Charlotte how to pronounce 'Natal lily'.
May and Jack are going to have a drink later.
Margaret has a terrible headache. Jack will buy her a painkiller.
Serge is on his way to pick up the film equipment for tonight's shooting. He will pay the outstanding bill with his credit card.
Janice will not get her son a hamster for his birthday. Martina got one for her son and it stank up the whole house.
Mary loves DA II and recommends it to Daniel and Lucas. Daniel has just started playing it and is still getting used to the mechanics.
Judy is attracted to jerks. Andrew wanted to fuck her, but he stopped calling and texting. Bruce is sweet, but she doesn't feel the butterflies.
Chloe is on tv. James doesn't understand what Chloe is doing.
Tina is at the Emirate airport. She will catch the evening flight back home. Ala is on her way to a meeting.
Sebastian has been living here for a year. He's learning how to be resourceful, he's learning responsibility and he loves his life. Kevin wishes he had such a person by his side.
Son will try to come home this weekend. Frank will tell his mother that he will come.
Ola and Momo are on a trip in Cuba. Momo has recovered from her injury and frolicking again. Ola lost her favorite scarf in Laos. Kate suggests that Ola should look for a new one in a boutique shop.
Ann doesn't have John's number, so Mike should ask Mary.
Joseph sends Ella a picture of baby cows. Wujek Janek has twins.
Stephen took Josh's notebook. Jack will bring it tomorrow.
Adele has a new 4-month-old biscuit lab called Bones. The cats keep their distance, Poppy and Lulu seem to mother him, and Speedy wants to play.
Kristian and Tabora are playing games.
Cathy left her sunglasses at Broken's. She will come to pick them up at 10 tonight.
Petra and Andy are sleepy, because nobody is working at the office today.
Nick wants to meet up for a drink with Jane, but she doesn't want to go out with him.
Tim is gay. He didn't tell Adam and Julia.
Lilly will be late. Gabriel will order some food for her.
Celine will drop by Cara's in the evening.
Craig's computer is not working. Derek will help him in 20 minutes.
Abigail's smog alert app shows that the air quality has exceeded by 30% today. Emma will install the app.
Cindy will buy red roses for Paul.
Jenny left her credit card at the shop. She can pick it up whenever she comes.
Lara will come to Tom's birthday party at 5 pm. She will pick up the cake and get the balloons.
Laura has been waiting 30 minutes for Paul. Paul is close to the Mac. He will be there in 15 minutes.
Hugh and Salma like the latest cat meme.
Matt and Oliver got into Stanford, but Peter didn't. He has to look for other university.
Smith called in sick, so they don't have English today.
Brandon lost his credit card. He blocked it in the bank but it will take time before he gets a new one. Luke can't lend him $100. Ian will lend him the money.
Inez, Alicja, Gosia and Pattycja enjoyed their Food Evening. They will go again on Wednesday.
Ana and Catherine will visit grandma tomorrow. Catherine will call Ana when she wakes up.
Joyce, Michael and Edson are excited about the cheap tickets.
Jane and Steven will meet at the main entrance at 4:30 instead of 5.
Morgan and Suzanne are going to a Maroon 5 concert next week. Morgan has two tickets.
Julia has not read this book. The last book she read was Die again from 2014. The city library is organizing a meeting with Tess.
Ali left his wallet at Mohammad's place yesterday. He will bring it to the university tomorrow.
Laura and Linda will go to an Italian restaurant to eat pasta and brownie tomorrow.
Natalie, Martin, Margot, Mia and Adam are going to Anna's birthday party on 6th of November at 1930.
Mia and Elliot are going out for a girls night tonight. Elliot will pick Mia up.
Jayden doesn't want to have children now, but maybe in the future when she has a good job. She wishes she could just have sex and wait for a baby while having a normal life.
The USA won last night. Croatia will play tomorrow at 2:00.
John is coming in 10 minutes. Ela forgot her walle outside. John messaged Ela to keep her phone free, but she was talking to mom.
Mark told his sister Mary is working from home and earning well. Mary doesn't like that her sister is trying to get to the people she works for.
Fiona will prepare a tart for Chris. Tina will help her with the filling.
Peadar, Annette, James and Anne are going for a drink to Jesus bar around 9.15. Annette is sick, so she can't join them. Oli couldn't find anyone, so he cycled to the bar.
Ryan and Sebastian are worried about the situation in Ukraine.
Finn and Zadie are going to the Latin American neighborhood called Elephant and Castle tomorrow. They will meet at 2 pm at the main entrance.
Jacob will let Harry know what he thinks about the song he sent him 3 days ago.
Max is out of his room because someone locked the door from outside. Max will ask his roommates to open the door for him.
Kim will buy Harry grey pillows for his mother as a gift.
Josh wants to buy an iPad. Brian recommends Samsung, Xiaomi or Sony. If Josh wants Samsung, Brian will get it cheaper for him.
Nathalie and Olafur will go to the Breakfast at Tiffany's party in Soho for New Year's Eve.
Andy has a quiz tomorrow. He will study for it.
Kim is looking for fresh ramal fish in Warsaw. Margot recommends the marketplace at Polna street and restaurants' menus. Kim will grill the fish for a special occasion.
Tom and Ben will meet at 2 pm in the Oval Room. Ben will bring all his papers.
Ashleigh got a new job. She and Peter are going to the cinema.
Reed's Saturday was alright. Danna's was boring. She called 5-8 of her friends, but they weren't around or busy. She doesn't have a TV, because their subscription expired and they want them to pay for it. Reed is in bed. He's off tomorrow.
Alivia has problems finding research materials for her thesis. She finds the topic interesting and she doesn't mind reading articles and books, but when she's supposed to write, she gets distracted and can't find the right words. Antonio advises her to focus on the writing and not on the research.
Maddie is in Asda. She will buy white bread and apples for John.
Jordan is going to Brad's funeral tonight. He will call Elliot back at 8 pm.
Flo can't go to the hairdresser until the 6th. She is going to be gray. She will buy a touch-up kit at Tesco.
Rob is at the grocery store. He will buy cucumber, tomatoes, bananas, apples and whatever else Ann needs for supper and lunch tomorrow.
Melany doesn't remember the last time she had sex.
Eric and Samantha's favorite professor is talking about the recent scandal on the news.
Jacky and David will talk later when Jacky gets home.
Rick and Chris will skype tomorrow at 3 pm Chris' time.
Ying has spent 10 years in business.
Missy gets out of work at 6. She will meet Daniel for drinks after dinner.
Adelle will clean the hamster cage after school.
Maya will buy 5 pairs of earplugs for Randolph at the pharmacy.
David is coming home for Christmas next week. He will order an ipad for his dad and have it shipped home.
Betty told Isabella about her work yesterday. Isabella invites Betty to do something together.
Amy will get back to Hollie later.
Huda and Alex are going swimming in 2 hours.
Janet, Alison, Nicole, Cheryl, Sue, Larlene, Leslie and Eric are disgusted with Donald Trump.
Rashi is confused about her career options. Teacher advises her to choose a career which interests her, get experienced and try to widen the scope after a while.
Corbin wants to report school violence to the department in charge of school violence. The student who is the victim of the violence is his friend. Dimitri will call Corbin now.
Marta is looking for a technician to fix PC's. Pablo is on vacation this week, but Cynthia or Elena might know someone.
It's Ann's dad's 50th birthday. He watches a lot of military movies and he's afraid of heights. Ann was planning a dinner with the whole family, but she needs something special for the birthday. Fiona suggests something on the ground or team play. Ann doesn't know if her mum will accept the idea.
Alene is depressed and won't go to the doctor. Alene and Jenson are Fatima's friends. If they break up, Fatima will have a problem.
Lisa has to clean the house. Bob helped make it dirty. He will clean the bathroom.
Luke and Martial will let Jose know they are available for team selection tomorrow morning. They will meet at carrington and go to his office together.
Julie and Emily exchange Christmas greetings.
Ricky doesn't like his new next door neighbors because they are noisy and have a parakeet.
Brenda and Sandra used to work together in the clothes factory. Brenda moved to Stoke in the late 90s. Sandra lives in Kings Norton with her husband. Sandra has 4 grandchildren, ages 2, 4, 9 and 15. Brenda has only one grandchild, she's 7. Bill passed away about 45 years ago. Brenda and Sandra want to organise a reunion for the Lister's girls. They will meet next Saturday around 11.
John and Joan are going to see "A Star is Born" on Thursday at 8 pm.
George and Donna will meet in a coffee shop tonight to discuss George's HIV test results.
Louis and Fabian are going to see each other soon.
Irene will take her little boy shopping with her.
Tony sends Amy and Lucas a photo of a cat.
Matt and Thomas are going to Dawid Podsiadlo together.
Chris pushed some girls into the pool. They were soaking wet.
Jeff, Lia and Jim will go to the village party.
Paul will couch the game on Saturday.
Fred will pick Luke up at 3:15.
Jack is going to the casting this time. Ryan will join him.
Evelyn will stay at home for the holidays. Joanne is going back home. She always liked spending Christmas with her family, but her parents separated a few months ago. She will try to cheer her mother up.
Raul had a bad night last night. He started off with a fag and then he had weird dreams about his uncle.
Angie has severe stomach pain. Ms. Quinn will sign her up for an appointment with Doctor McCormick in an hour.
Kelvin and Naheeda will have their CAT 2 during the statistics class.
Linda, Ronnie, Karen and Amanda will have pasta for lunch at the pasta joint next to their apartment.
Marty has sprained his ankle. Christine will pick up Marcel from school and take him to the doctor tomorrow morning.
Cameron will have to stay out of town for another week. He will deliver the video game to Peyton.
Alicja has a job interview tomorrow.
Paul forgot about his physiotherapy appointment. Emma will be home after midnight. Paul will prepare some food for her.
Sean overslept again.
Tom will join Chris and his brother in their jacuzzi in their garden. They will watch TV from their living room. Chris has WiFi but Tom only gets 6GB when he gets outside Ireland.
Cindy will call Ela to talk to Harry.
Mike didn't have time to take the dog for a walk. Adam will take him with him.
Murphy is going to Poanań on Tuesday and coming back the same day in the afternoon.
Gaia has 6 exams this term. Only one of them is hard.
Mr. Williams and Ms. Blair will meet for a coffee at 2 pm near the square in a side alley.
Jeff has a skin condition. He doesn't have to take meds all the time. Tina has the same condition and takes meds on the daily.
Kristina and Estefania are watching America's Top Model. Jannette just got home.
Daniel is flying to Bologna today. He will stay 2 hours at the airport. Simone will let Marco know if she will visit him in December.
Mike can't talk right now. He will call Dale back in 2 hours.
Timmy had a bad day at work. He will come to Gemma's bbq at the weekend. She will cover the food.
Pat has a delay, so she will come in the evening, around 9 pm. She didn't catch the train. Bart will open the door for her and he will work from home. They will see each other tomorrow.
Erin will meet Ashley at the camp's restaurant to do the interview.
Maria, Kate, Tommy and Sam are preparing a panel for the conference. Tommy will prepare a prezi. The conference costs $10 a month for academics.
Maxwell and Jeanice worked together for 8 hours tonight. Marcus had an argument with his friend at school. Jeanice noticed Marcus behaving in a strange way recently. She will let Maxwell know if they can meet for a coffee some time.
Mike, Tom and Ben will go for a beer.
Leah met a guy at the poetry reading last night. They have something in common, because they both speak German. He asked her about an event she had attended, but she didn't tell him about it. He suspected that she had a crush on him, because 2 weeks earlier she had liked a post on FB announcing that he was going to accompany poets on the guitar. He tried to walk her home.
Nicky just left Sam's place.
Ken's account has been hacked. Ken wants his money back.
Alexander sent Tom a taxi confirmation. They arrived safely, but without luggages.
The university organised a carnival party for children.
Ian can't find his green folder. Ian will ask Alex about it.
Adrian will talk to Simon at 5.
Jen wants to break up with her partner. He doesn't pay her back the money. She's afraid to ask him to leave. Jane convinces her to do it.
Dean and Poppy don't know what to eat for dinner tonight. Dean will grab something on his way home. Poppy won't be home tonight. She will see Dean tomorrow.
Gab wants to meet Kat for a drink. Kat doesn't want to meet strange men from the internet.
Agatha's economics presentation is ready. She used recent research.
Imagine Dragons are coming to ABC Theatre on 12 July. Tim and Sally want to go together. Sally has already bought the tickets.
Bez's car has low brake fluid level. Kate took it to the garage next to Willig today to check it. The car passed general inspection only in June. Bez is in a hotel lobby now. He will be home on 21st in the evening. Andy will switch the heating on a bit on that day and water the plants in the basement.
Laura will visit her parents next Saturday. She has a big project coming. Her mother bought a birthday gift for her. Keith will cook lasagne.
Pegah will be back at 22:00. Miriam invited a few people over. She will save some wine for them.
Robert will pick up the balloons for Tom's birthday from the store in the city centre.
Shelly is volunteering at the food shelter this year. Tracy doesn't do any charity work.
Max sent Jim his latest music project. Jim will listen to it when he gets home.
Kane recommends the new 30 seconds to mars album to Shannon.
Andy will visit Paul in 1 hour. They will drink coffee and discuss politics.
Caroline and Megan are discussing "Friends".
Ron sent Josh an email.
Phoebe doesn't want to go out today because her mother is angry at her because she used her perfume and broke it.
Eve and Rob will meet on Sunday. Eve has some stuff to do around 3.
Sandra and her ex-boyfriend split up after 3 months. Betty will be at Sandra's place at 6.
Anna has an app where she can add clothes to her wardrobe. Peter doesn't understand the app. They play a game.
Dan is swollen after an injection with anaesthesis.
Archie will arrive from Southampton around midnight. He will be travelling to Judah by bus.
Chloe hasn't watched the series yet. She will watch it at the weekend.
Lauren wants to get a small bird tattoo above the ankle. Nelly is afraid of pain. Tessie knows a couple of guys who do it.
Wendy thinks the upstairs toilet might be blocked. She hasn't flushed tampons or pads down there. The toilet has been a problem since they got the house. They can't afford to pay the plumber this month, so they have to wait until the next paycheck.
There is left-hand traffic in Rowen's country.
Tom wants to go to Robinson Crusoe's island. Jonathan, Oscar and Kit think it's insane.
Emely has a problem with a task. She will send a photo of the task to Titus and he will help her.
Aldo sent Marco 12 pages of his article. Marco will print it and read it right now.
Harris' friend Aoki died yesterday. Harris hasn't seen her for a few months as she lives in Michigan.
Hannah has made New Year's resolutions. She wants to lose weight and exercise, learn how to cook and start meal prepping, and find her future husband. Brooklyn doesn't believe that a new year means a fresh start.
Trevor is having an affair with Abigail's father, a church pastor. He doesn't have any condoms, so he's going to pull out at the last moment.
Julia and Gail are addicted to social media. Gail likes to spy on people.
Miranda called Tom yesterday. She knows Anne and Tom are dating.
Ella sends Barbara and Eva a link with dietary requirements for the catering company.
Sarah will arrive in New York this Thursday. Joshua will be waiting for her gift.
Allison has got a scholarship. Sarah and Maya are happy for her.
Abdellilah and Sam will meet at 9.
Betty and Phil are going to the cinema at 6.30 pm. They will watch two comedies and one thriller.
Robert has been laid off and is looking for a new job. He will send Serge his CV.
Lily had an amazing night with Thomas. He is from Romania and works at LSE.
Sam is looking for a black dress for his wife as a surprise gift. Sarah fashion makes dresses on order as per customer requirements. Sam will order the dress on the website with the product number 898998.
Kamden has been off social media for a while. Now he uses chat on Facebook to keep in touch with his friends.
Mike is going to the gym and then home. Jason will come over and they will play Destiny 2 on PS4.
Linda is moving to Ohio for 6 months. She will meet with Daisy before she leaves.
Hayden has 1 month to write her thesis. He is interested in African studies. He would like to work as a flight attendant, but he doesn't want to risk every time.
Alan has found a new product that has no sugar, no taste, and additional cinnamon flavoring. The whiskey goes well with the cinnamon. Rob would like the old cherry flavor.
Yaz and Mary are going to slimming club tonight. They will meet with their old cookery teacher at 6.
Aaliyah and Camille are at the university. They have classes 342 on the second floor. Camille is sick.
Nathan and Aaron are laughing at a video of a woman taking a dump.
William will be back in 5 minutes.
Jake has reserved 3 tickets for 7 pm tomorrow with a 30% discount.
Freddie, Kelly, Bob, Mike, Greg and Nancy are discussing what they're watching on Netflix.
Sonia and Toni went to San Sebastian last year. They stayed in an airbnb place next to the Playa de la Concha. The landlady was an old Basque lady who made a tortilla for them and rents a room in the apartment. Sonia is planning to go there in a month or so.
Malik and Samantha are going to try the paleo diet and the keto diet together.
Derek and Phil had a busy day. Derek closed some deals but he had a lot of stress. Phil couldn't close any deal.
People are photoshopping Timothée Chalamet into artworks.
Peter has been busy at work lately. He wants to improve his health. He has a gym membership near his office. He exercises with weights and runs on the treadmill. Lisa wants to eat better to keep in shape.
Julia broke Tom's cup. She will buy him a new one.
The CSS tests for peewee hockey players are today. Don hasn't registered in their system yet, so he'll check it later tonight when he gets home. The tests are supposed to last 5-8 pm. Don asks Hank to bring a blanket.
Jessica bought a table, six chairs, a vase, a pile of clothes and a black dress for 70 euros in the second hand shop downtown.
Abigail and Damien are going to church on Sunday. Abigail reminds Damien to wear a coat and tie.
Desiree wants Lucian to keep her pasta in the microwave. Lucian hasn't cooked anything yet.
Doug loves his new shoes.
Tessa wants Chloe to stop texting her boyfriend Jim Andrews.
Emily, Kate and Marta will meet in Pub X at the central station at 5.30.
Jane and Ella went to La Perle. They ordered a cheesecake. Jane is allergic to peanuts. She started swelling after the first bite. She went to the ER.
Railey will buy a burger for Tiffany on her way home.
Ariana is going shopping in Midtown. Aviana wishes she could join her.
Jane is going to Value Village with her sister to buy Halloween costumes. Connor got his today.
Mary didn't go to school today.
Tom, Jeffrey and Elena are a few meters away from Elena.
Sophia apologizes to Mason for sending him a kiss photo. She doesn't want him to judge her looks.
Steffen has twisted his leg yesterday. He will park at the bottom and hike up. Irene, Dan, Luke and Ben will give him a lift to the infinity pool.
Jake, Florence, Margot and others are going on a research trip to Eswatini.
Christine has a cold and won't be at school tomorrow. Annie will drop Theraflu sachets through Christine's letterbox later on.
Jill called Bob's girlfriend Sarah and sent her their pictures. She doesn't want to be with him anymore. She kicked him out.
Peter starts the new job on the 6th. Aggie will get a babysitter then.
Maryam might be with his father. Aimee tried Maryam's number and went to her home.
George, Robert, Yusuf and Paul are going to play basketball on Friday at 7 p.m.
Rory and Sammy are thinking of signing up Bill and Sammy for the International camp in Croatia. Mitch will drive to Croatia on Sunday, the 29th of July. He will drive around 1000 km, but will try to get there early on Monday morning. They will put Bill on a Flixbus and he will arrive around 10 am on Sunday. Joanna will pick him up.
Jones and Angelina will meet today in the afternoon in town.
Derek doesn't like Fergie's national anthem but thinks she does a great job.
Pam needs Lauren for tomorrow. The Manager is back tomorrow and may do some more rota. Pam will let Lauren know in the morning. Lauren had a good holiday.
Harriette went ghost hunting once when she was in high school. She didn't find any ghosts, but she did hear a cat meow.
Jack can't get the application running. Kev will help him right now.
Dan and Angela will meet at school later.
Shaldona sent a wedding invitation to Piper through Messenger. She didn't have enough time to meet everybody and give the invitation in person.
Ralph and Paula will meet with the new person in an hour.
Ania, Kasia, Jan and Zuzia are going to the church tomorrow to praise Mary the Queen of Poland.
Harry is waiting for Emma outside. She will be there in 2 minutes.
Jeff, Vladimir, Tanya and Donald are discussing the Caspian Sea agreement.
Joe hates his job because he gets more work. Tim's friend Terry quit eventually because he had trouble sleeping, constantly tired and turned out to have an ulcer.
Judy is going to the new club at Regents Street with Miranda and Helen on Saturday.
Jamie, Marlo, Jimmy and Alex are going to do the presentations in groups of 3-4 people per team. They will divide them into gender groups.
Nora has just talked on the phone to John's math teacher. John is in the park. Theresa is waiting for him.
Louis and Sara saw a huge crowd outside the book shop today. A new writer that writes about vampires was there signing copies of his books.
Debbie doesn't know which dress to buy. Kelly advises her to buy the green one. Kelly is considering buying the red one for herself.
Emilia is still angry.
Mia will use Tom's credit card to buy a flight ticket. She will send him the flight, company and her personal data.
Hugh has a toothache and needs to go to the dentist urgently. Andy recommends ProDent in the centre. Wade recommends Dr Smith. Hugh will call the dentist tomorrow.
Ella's mom won a hundred dollars in the lottery.
There was a car accident on Circle Drive. There were no deaths.
Bob is watching the game. He will probably run some errands, cook some food and go out for a few beers over the weekend. Jim's birthday is next Wednesday, but he is going for a skiing trip with his family next weekend. He might organize a meetup with his friends at some bar this weekend. Rob will let him know if he will come.
Julie, Debra and 20 other girls from the village are going to meet over the weekend.
Mike had an accident on his motorcycle and broke his leg.
David had to babysit Ethan's sister at Ethan's house. He had to go through a lot. Ethan texted Avery to say thanks to him. David has just turned his phone on.
Conrad forgot his keys. Tiffany will be home at 10-11. Rebecca will be back even later. Conrad will wait in the coffee shop.
There was a bad smell at Kasia's place last night.
Holly doesn't feel well, so she won't come tonight.
Ludmila's favorite dinosaur was a triceratops.
Josh and Sean are going to the pub tonight.
Indiana left his phone at Liam's place. He's using it now.
Claire wants to buy a dress for the wedding. Nicole and Maria advise her to do so.
Victor took over Chris's company. He sold off the office and accommodated them in his office. Chris is still working as Director. David's business is slow but he hopes it will get better by the end of the year.
Patricia sends Elle and Florence a fair-trade brand. Elle will look into it.
Ethan didn't come to the part last night because he was in Los Angeles. He will be back in 3 or 2 days.
Stan is going to take her to Pat&Gill's today.
Abby met Miro at the party yesterday. Miro's father came to the US illegally from Albania in the early 1990s. He speaks only Albanian with his parents.
Julie watched a Japanese horror movie and is scared. Rose and Paula will come over to her house to drink cocoa and watch "when Harry met Sally" together.
Lucy's daughter is turning 15. She has spent a lot of time preparing her. Patricia doesn't feel the same way.
Dan, Tim, Chris and Martin are going out on Saturday at 8. Tom is at his in-laws' party. Dan needs to be home at 2 and ready to drive on Sunday noon.
Casey did her nails herself. It took her 4 hours. She wants Kristen and Amelia to do their nails too.
Sharol forgot about the sociology assignment. It's due tomorrow.
Half of the class at Helen's son Jamie's school is sick. Jack has a high fever and a terible cough. Helen has a perdiatrician, Dr. Tornez, at the City Medical Centre next to the mall.
Tim forgot that mum is with autn Grace today.
Caroline's first boyfriend is 26 and his mother doesn't like her. He used to spend all the time at home with his parents, but now he lives with his mother and gramma. He is introvert but intelligent.
Vincent broke his lamp with his bare hand. He ordered a new one and will pick it up on Tuesday.
Nestor wants to buy a new laptop on Black Friday, but he doesn't know what Black Friday is about. Olaf sends him a link to a website where people upload photos of the same product and its price 2 weeks before Black Friday and during the promotion. Nestor is going to check the prices of the chosen products tomorrow. If he finds a good deal, he will contact a guy who sells almost new computers.
Vic prefers Facebook to Twitter because he can share stuff with his friends, join groups and talk about things that interest him. Nancy prefers Tumblr because she can follow people and observe them.
Amanda, Peter and Dan have seen the guy with dreads.
James will pick up the car tomorrow and pay for it. Sue will transfer the money in.
Jess is stuck in a traffic jam in West Bronx.
Dima's laptop is broken and he has to deliver a translation tomorrow at 9. Nada lent her old laptop to her brother, but she took two days off so Dima can borrow hers. Dima will pick up Nada's laptop in an hour.
Betty and Kelly went to the pub at 2 am and met people from school. They didn't talk to him much, but he heard from them.
Adele and Louise will visit Anne for Easter. Adele will bring eggs.
Peggy's computer has been broken for 5 years. It might be a problem with the circuit board. She will write to Melody if she needs to get a new one.
Jerry is coming home in 40 minutes. Janet is waiting for him. Her day was ok, but her boss can be a pain in the ass sometimes.
Mark, Anna, Julia and George will go on a self-organised tour. They will divide themselves so that they don't check the same websites.
Alison accused Stanley of having an affair. She disappeared from all the media and won't answer her phone. Stanley will talk to her when she's back. They need to focus on the Lidem project.
Kimberly left the cafe yesterday with her umbrella. She got it as a present from her mother a few years ago. Laura gives her the number to the cafe.
Catherine applied for an accounting position at Pandora. She will have an interview on Monday. She graduated with honours from uni.
Fiona is going to the doctor tomorrow at 8 a.m. Anna will accompany her.
Dan wanted to wash his hands and the pipe under the wash basin exploded. Andrea will write to the owner and Dan will do it himself.
Linda is cooking curry for dinner.
Matt thinks his homestay parents don't treat him well because he stays at home too much and they have to pay more for electricity.
Ann thanks Katie for hosting her son Tim on Monday evening and for dropping him off at the railway station next morning. Ann and Katie spent a week together 20 years ago in Saint Fargeau. Katie will send her son a text to tell him where she wants to pick him up tomorrow.
Sharon's mum is angry, she's grounded and she lives with her parents. Ahmed wants her to move out with him, but she's still a student. Her parents will stop talking to her.
Rob is annoyed by today's memes.
Mike will get a refill of the hand sanitizer for Grace and himself.
Cheryl had an argument with her mother. She forgot to close the window when she was leaving home. Her mother kicked her out. She gave her time till the end of the year.
David is landing at 17:30 at Sevilla. Victor will pick him up from the airport.
Ann will pay 200 dollars for the laptop. Josh has a bag and a small usb mouse for it. Ann will pick it up.
Sara will do the washing up when she gets back from the cinema with Jack.
Gary is driving for Uber and he's having a lot of fun. Ellie didn't expect him to enjoy it as he's not good at meeting new people.
Leah sends Kristi a link with a 20% discount coupon for the online shop Direndia45. Kristi will put her ID onto the reference code and she will get the discount.
Steve will call Sue when he gets this.
There was a bear attack on the zoo. Megan thinks it's cruel and wrong.
Barbara got the confirmation from AES. Mick will call them.
Allison sent Alan the budget estimation for the current year. They doubled the costs in the line "other expenses" because their boss had to come back from Japan for the convention.
Liam and Nate will meet in 15 minutes.
Duncan wishes Carl all the best in this year's championship. Carl is using a 6 speed hydrolic shift gearbox this year. Duncan has reserved a place in the VIp for him and his cousin to watch the championship.
Dinny will take Terry's dog away before he comes.
Anastasia and Darrell had their new school photos taken in less than a minute. Anastasia needed a new one for her school ID.
Kim is going to Seoul in April with Jane, who will be the tour guide.
Aubrianna's friend's dad died because of malaria in kongo. Darien thinks it's dangerous for all people.
Josh lost his new sneakers last Tuesday. He's been to many places, swimming pool and fitness, and he thought he left them in the gym, but they said nothing was found when they're closing. Josh will try to check the swimming pool.
It's Valentine's Day. There are vendors selling roses on the street and chocolate everywhere. It's 3 degrees where Bella is. Aria will come to Warsaw as soon as she quits work. Bella hopes to leave work at 6.
Sutter is injured. The game starts at 8.
Daina needs to put her make up on for about an hour.
Viola is getting ready for the wedding. Carmen will help her on Friday night.
Madeline and Alex had an argument today. They are going out for a beer tomorrow.
Betty will check in on Mom and Grandpa from time to time.
William will prepare spaghetti alla vongole for dinner. He will cook pasta, garlic, wine and clams.
Maria, Martha, Sarah and Lawrence will meet tomorrow evening at 17:15 to discuss the IMF lecture and do the calculations.
Molly and Anna are going to the Muse concert in Cracow. Hannah doesn't like them.
Tabby has 2 exams next week. Laura passed all her exams but one. Tabby won't come to Daisy's party on Saturday, because she needs to study.
Becky and Trent have a kitten named Coco. It took them 2 days to win her over.
Sosie will be at Kyra's flat in 5 minutes. Kevin is waiting.
Ronnie's city uses three different bins for waste management: compost, recycle and trash. People there live in a different world when it comes to environmental awareness. There are no plastic bags in grocery stores, no straws in restaurants, but at the state government level there is no awareness either.
Tina is still at work. She will call Adam when she gets home.
Natalie is pregnant. Dave is the father.
Nick will bring Steve lunch.
Gemma will invite Timmy and his date to Lona and Michelle's wedding.
Millie is sick and won't come today.
Daisy wants Lisa to be back home before 11 pm.
Tina is almost there. The bus is leaving in 3 minutes.
Sophie will collect the quince from Noah's terrace. William went to collect the rest of them for her. The quince will keep for a couple of days. The twins will be on their way from Notts tomorrow afternoon and will pass Windfield. They haven't seen Sophie's twins for ages and they will be coming home this weekend only because of Alexa's ceremony. William gets 5 days off for Christmas and 2 weeks off for the whole year.
Harry is going to Ikea. He will buy a table cloth 120 cm x 140 cm, two medium size wardrobe organisers (the ones with grey flowers), one wooden spatula and three bottle cleaners for Sarah.
Cindy is sad. Ellie comforts her.
Nadia and Jannet had fun yesterday. They will go to the disco next time.
Mark and Jeff are impressed with his new car. Mark wants to be the first one to drive it. Jeff will bet him 100 bucks that he will.
Sue and Julie did great. Ann and Julie will have a little celebration tonight.
Kathy's aunt is getting her hair cut today. Kathy wants to do the same. Olivia likes Kathy's haircut.
Mr. Benson is in Peru discussing a contract with a new client. He wants to talk to Claudia, Andy and Mark about their work.
Den's mother cried this morning. Jane thinks she needs to get out more. Jane will invite her for tea on Friday.
Ludo is in room 112 with Hugo and Charles. The building is quite big and there is a huge garden, so Ludo will have room enough. The meeting is starting.
Phoebe will open her door and pay the delivery guy.
Max's sister is studying in Shanghai. She speaks Chinese. Shanghai has 25 million inhabitants.
Russ hasn't read the report yet. He will do it by midday. David will answer some emails.
Catherine and her family are going to visit uncle Steve. Ben doesn't want to go because he doesn't like such visits. The boys want to see him, so Ben will visit them some other day.
Kaya is looking for Clay in Library. Clay is in the class room.
Sean won't be able to take the car to the carwash because he has to finish the report. He and Alice will take it tomorrow.
Bert will be home around 8-ish. Julia will wait for him with the dinner.
Steve's new dishwasher is nice and quiet. He doesn't have to put it on every day.
The update installs bugs on Michelle's computer.
Joy is coming back on Thursday.
Henry wants to reserve a table at cafe Kohaku near Covent Garden, but their Facebook page disappeared. Julia was there last week and wanted to take her cousin there, but the place is empty. They went to the Lilly's instead, but it's not the same as Kohaku.
Olivia has a lot of work to do. She needs to do her accounts and get all the incoming and outgoing invoices sorted by months. She also needs to upload some videos to YouTube.
Emily has broken one of Linda's tea cups when she was cleaning the cupboards in the dining room.
Tom and Camilla are going to Dublin for 2 days this weekend.
Sandra is recovering from a disease. She has some effective medicines now. Stella wants to take her to the cinema. She will do some research in her friends' midst.
Harley and Ruby are gossiping about the divorce filing of a serial cheater. His wife is taking him to the cleaners. She will get monthly payment, half his pension and a house. He paid for everything yet still managed to buy her mom a house and take extravagant vacays.
Ken is stressed because he has a lot going on at home and at work. He is going to see a show on Saturday night and see the grandkids on Sunday at the zoo.
Julius and Titus are going to watch the Manchester United derby today.
Dexter misses Addisyn. They haven't talked for a long time.
Jason was absent today. He had a dental appointment.
Don has a meeting with management board today at 2 pm in the conference room. Catering will bring some tea, coffee and snacks. Andy didn't read the agenda. Don will go on a trip next week. He will stay at Hilton.
Samuel is at a joint in Laos. He ordered mushroom pizza.
Celia and Mike will go on holiday to Croatia.
Jasmine and Paola love Charlie Puth's new song. Paola also likes Galway Girl.
Jaz will pop in to Sharon's to sort out her roots on Sunday at 2.30.
Pete is coming home for lunch in 20 minutes.
Kas will try to tidy up Laura's dreads for her this weekend, but he needs to check his schedule with work first.
Jill and Ally can't do more than 3-4 hours of physical activity per day.
Professor Evans, who taught James ethics, has an art exhibition opening tomorrow. James and Mia will go to the exhibition and to the cinema with Amelia. They will meet at James' place afterwards.
The readings for the next session of Stephen’s seminar are not yet in the print shop. On Monday the texts were not there and the staff was rude. Rita will ask them to print more for later.
Ost bought a garage place in the Belgrade city center. He wants to rent it out and do the restitution of his money. There is a big crowd in Belgrade, so the prices for parking are favorable.
Hania has been on the road for 3 hours. She will be in Zawiercie around 7 pm. Julia will pick her up from the platform. They will order pizza or burgers.
Kaylee is blocking Gavin.
Lara is coming today.
Mazie and her girls are having a drink tonight. Lee doesn't like some of her friends. Sheryl is a witch. Lee once spilled a drink on her.
Erin has just baked something. She wants to bring it to Zachary, but he is busy cleaning the flat.
Joseph had three job interviews in two days. The first two were ok, but the third one didn't go well. He is considering a job as a concierge.
Sue will send Graham dates for weekends in Romford area. Louise wants him to focus on motorways this time. Sue will let Graham know when Louise comes back to her.
Brett's cousin met his wife in World of Warcraft. They were playing together for some time and he invited her to a date. Andrew's favourite RPG series is Final Fantasy.
Rael hates her job and wants to quit. Zach advises Rael to look for a new job in IT.
Susan had a date. He picked her up from home and they went to a rollerskating disco.
Joe and his friends are going to watch Deadpool 2 tonight.
Euodia doesn't know what Tiktok is. Domigo explains it to her.
Hugh has a son.
Nathalie, Jacob and Tony are going on holiday to Greece in August. They need to be back by 10, because Anthony's sister is getting married.
Maria and Lori were supposed to meet at Prudential, but there is a traffic jam in front of Copley. Lori will be there in 5 minutes.
Marta suspects Jay is a pathological liar because he keeps talking about how he has all this money and travels all over the world. In fact, he lives in a studio apartment in the outskirts of town.
Telly, Chuck and Ally are going to Bernie's and The Spot for New Year's parties.
Karen passed.
Gill needs a new peeling. Bunny tells him how to do it.
Ryan is visiting his family in Manchester for Christmas. Chris stayed home with Ann for the first time.
Bruce's crowdfunding campaign has reached a little over 6000 dollars.
Liam will pick Kane up at 8.
Kate had a fight with Chris about his political views. He watched a TV programme about the refugees and went on a rant about them. Kate is angry with him. She doesn't want to stay in touch with him any more.
Celine went skating with Mark for the first time.
Lia's family wants her to go back home for Passover, but the tickets are expensive and she has a lot of work. Sarah bought her tickets yesterday for 500 quid. She's flying on the 28th. Last year they went to Negev. This year they're going to the desert.
Gene sent a package to Jack on Friday. Jack should have received it by now.
Miranda can't come to tomorrow's meeting as she has to work 20 hours a day.
Blake will wait for Clara and Jenny on the platform at fabro-ficule.
Raymond and Charlotte are going to meet for pizza and pasta in 15 minutes.
Zack watched a couple of episodes of the new Jersey Shore season. It's the original cast with Snooki, J-Wow, Pauly D, Ron, The Situation, Deena and Vinny. The Situation was having some legal problems, but he's funny and a nice guy now. Season 2 is almost there, so Dwayne will watch it after they finish the first season.
Will is standing in a long line at the post office in order to send a traditional letter in the XXI century. Chris thinks the line consists of elderly people who don't have bank account and pay their bills via post office paying cash.
Serena and Ella went to the new club in Cork last weekend. It was empty. Ella won't go there again.
Molly, Peter and Kai will go to Stockholm for a week in January. They will visit the Vasa Museum.
Avril and Frank are going mushroom picking at the weekend. Avril is also going to see horse racing.
Xander wants to go to Multisports this week. Mel will pick him up at half 10 tomorrow.
Ethan is sore after yesterday's meeting. He usually goes to the gym every other day, but this week he's trained every day. Ray and Dustin will meet at 8 pm at Ray's place. Ethan will pick up the kids.
Diana is going for a hip-hop workshop in a week. Frann will join her.
Pam lost her iphone. She has only had it for half a year. There is an option where you can display something on the screen. Pam will check it out.
A guy got beaten and mugged on campus. The assailant had a mask on. The victim is in the hospital. There will be an official statement and an article in the paper.
Nathan and Deborah are packing for their trip tomorrow. They need to take boots and warm jackets for the girls and their parents promised them a trip to the forest. They will take the bicycles. Nathan will buy the syrup for travel sickness on his way home from work.
Casper, Alexander and Igor don't want to go to the lecture with Mr Linda tomorrow. They will meet near the university instead.
Judie's girlfriend had a 1000 euro Warsaw ink tattoo. Javier wants to get a tattoo back in Colombia.
Sam and Jessica are coming to the hotel on the 15th of August at 2 p.m.
Marsha, John, Cynthia, Mohammad and Gavin are going to spend a week on the beach in Nosy Be, Madagascar.
Cyprien was born in Jarrow and lives in London now. He was educated in Loughborouogh, so in a sense he came from there. In another sense he comes from the atoms in the air that he breath or the food he eats.
Joanna needs to get the stains out of her ecru dress. Ethel recommends a cheap dry-cleaner at Jagiellonska 3.
Anna and Charlie are going to have a pizza tonight. Charlie is still upset about all the things that happened.
It's very cold outside. Kris doesn't want to go anywhere. Jason has been running around the city all day in the cold. Nadine is getting sick patients at her clinic.
Lora and Miranda lend Leticia 10$. Leticia lost her wallet. Leticia will call the bank and block her account.
Paula will go to the office tomorrow to pick up the application. The deadline for the application is Friday at noon.
Ben and Steven will have pizza at Marco's tonight.
Daniel took Terence's money. Terence found it.
Lucy will have to throw the garbage out.
Vinny will lend his car to Willy for a day or so. They will car pool together some days a week.
Lindsey has just finished her class. She wants to go for another class, but earlier she asked another girl to put her name on the attendance list instead of her.
Dory's friend is coming over the day after tomorrow. He/she will stay for around a week. Jason and Lucy have been working on the movie for 2 months. Jason purchased the app in which to video and to edit and Lucy has a script. They need to produce something now.
Jared will ask Kelly out.
Reeve, Winslow and Booker are going to Italy for winter break. Dodson and Trish want to go to the seaside, but they can't afford it.
Zayna and Alex will meet for a drink at 8 pm at Zayna's place.
Grace didn't get to talk to Audrey at the party last night. She is excited about graduating soon and considering applying for grad school. She also considers taking a year off.
Monica sends Natalie the recipe for her famous cheesecake.
Ethan will give Dixie Jason's phone number in a minute.
Amanda didn't like "Parks and Rec". She doesn't like the actress who plays the main character, Amy Poehler. She will give the show another try.
Bob and Harry want to play a game together, but Harry has no money to spend on it.
Randal didn't buy the nail polish. The one on the left is fuschia. The other one is taffy. The shop assistant is looking at Randal.
Chicago won last night. Pat is not a soccer fan, but he likes baseball and hockey. Pat plays basketball and would like to play with Mike one day.
Nate and Julie are overbooked for the first day dinner. The registrations are transformed into text in Excel. Nate has to create a new file and feed the data into the tables himself.
Farrah shared her fossil collection with Enrique's class. They were amazed. Farrah will come back again with some more fossils. Enrique will give her name and number to the teacher.
Zoey and Thomas are in the tropics. At night the temps fall to -3 degrees. On Sunday they had a walk around the summit of Belchen.
Trinny, Susannah and Linda will meet at the main entrance at 6.
Emma and Peter are going to Amiens tomorrow. Daniel is fed up with Paris and wants to see some countrysides. They will meet at Emma's place at 9 am.
Breann and Dianne are getting a cheetah print for their pet hut. There is a 10% discount for new customers.
Hugh will prepare the pizza base and put it in the oven before he arrives.
The next ASEEES conference will take place in San Francisco.
Finn's package has left the warehouse and will be delivered to him tomorrow.
Rhonda will send the content for the November email blast to Precious.
Derek McCarthy needs to borrow an Android cable for an hour. Tommy is in Poland and will call his wife to borrow one. She will give it to Derek McCarthy at 8:15 pm.
Judy will feed Derek's animals on Friday and Saturday. Derek will give her his keys on Thursday.
Laura, Kelsey, Sid and Oona are going to see Aquaman on Thursday at 8:10. Oona will buy the tickets.
Rob wants to start a Get off the couch challenge. He will do 30 minutes of activity every day. Greg and Will advise him to do a variety of exercises.
Bennett and Cynthia will go to the new bistro in town.
Amanda is still on the highway. Will is on the train in Arezzo. Lorenzo has just arrived. He will take the keys and go to the room. The room has an amazing view on the Duomo.
Walker will come with his Xbox console to play games all night.
Laura's mother passed away this morning. Anne and Kristian will visit her.
The cafes by the river got damaged with the flods. The cost to repair them is high. Adam misses going there.
Ana and Katy are going to see a film by Lola Arias at 7 pm on Saturday. Ana wants to avoid getting lost on her way.
John likes reading Bristol Stool Scale in the morning. Henry is constipated, but he had a nice poop this morning.
Mary and Patricia are going to Japan in a week. They are afraid of the long flight, earth-quakes and tsunamis. James calms them down.
Linda won't manage to do any gardening before leaving, so Mika offers her plants for her garden.
Drade's brother got out of the group chat room because he was angry. Drade doesn't want to talk about it.
Kate broke her arm and they are sending her to the hospital. Greg advises her to call Linda or ask someone at the reception if their insurance covers hospital costs.
Charlie's sister has just passed her last exam on her Uni. Frank will go out with them tonight.
Bella wants to have a drink with Clara tonight, but she needs to talk to her dad first. They will meet at 7:30. Clara will bring the wine. Bella will have to park somewhere along the road as her drive is taken by her camper.
Jose and Amanda wish each other merry Christmas and a happy new year. They are going to Cuba, Mexico and Thailand in 2019.
Susan and Rob will have dinner together tomorrow. Susan will cook something special.
Denise and Dominique have a test tomorrow in units 2 and 3.
Sharon loves the lamps and hangers Steph bought at Ikea.
Peter wants to talk to Anna, but she is at work. She will call him in 20 minutes.
Jesse broke Stig's razor.
Patrick has changed his phone number to +44 7700 900077.
Uncle Sam came back from work. He was in hospital. Yvonne looked stunning at her cousin's wedding. She is dating an Argentinian.
Thomas will buy butter on his way home. Jack is making a mushroom soup.
Debbie will bring Helen her laptop as she has a presentation today.
Jessica got a plant for her birthday. She doesn't know the name of it or how to care for it. Boston looked it up on Google Images.
John and Annie are coming back to London. John lost his job in Germany. He got a better offer from a different IT company in London, but he didn't accept it. Amber will have to find a new flat. Annie can stay with them until she finds a new job.
Vicky, Ludovica, Greg, Audrey, Brandon and Ryan are meeting at Fratellis at 7.30 pm.
Amir doesn't feel like tomorrow. Kaylin has set three alarms just in case.
Lois couldn't get onto her aacount so she deleted both wildangel3 and wildangel4. Keira's sister is grounded for a month.
Natacha will pick Charles up at Vesinet at 5:30 pm.
Simon will fetch Helen some tissues.
There is a blizzard outside. It reminds Tom of hiking in the mountains when he was a student. He went there with 5 or 6 other people. They rented a cabin in the wild for the weekend.
Lucy is going to the gig with Maggie and her friends at 6 pm. The gig starts at 8.
Rose and Jake are going to buy Christmas gifts tomorrow.
Martha has just seen a documentary about minimalism gurus. She thinks it's a good idea to buy things that will serve you longer, but it's difficult to be mindful about everything you buy.
Albert passed his 4th driving exam.
Jaya hasn't seen Ravi's mother in the club for almost 4 months. His mother has been suffering from knee pain for almost 5 years. It's probably arthritis. The doctor said that it can be controlled, but not cured. Ravi tried naturopathy, but his mother refuses to follow the doctor's advice.
Lynn doesn't want to have sex with an old wrinkled guy who rubs his old saggy balls all over her. Steviee and Wilbur are laughing at her.
Alice has a terrible flu. She forgot to take the vaccine. She's been sick for 10 days.
Someone left a Millas present at Marco's place yesterday. Sandra bought it before Marco's party. Marco will bring it over.
Mum will wrap something up for Steve.
Zariah has been having back pain recently.
James will pick Hannah up on Saturday at 8.
Rachel and Caron will go for a drink to Red Lion at 8.
Victor is busy this Saturday and can't help with the event Sara is organizing.
Wendy has become prettier since she came back from Houston. Dave will have to hit on her soon as he hears Jerry is her lover.
George will call Patricia in an hour or so.
Mario has landed in every airport in Europe today. He is waiting in Luxembourg now.
Lena and Brian don't like their new professor. They don't want to do the homework. They will see each other tomorrow.
Booth was at the local theatre the other day. He liked it. Elvinina got invited to the theatre.
Callum is busy.
Emily wants Jacob to hurry up because the buses are about to leave.
Molly claims that Chuck made up a story about her meeting with him on Friday.
Rita loves Borns' new album "God Save Our Young Blood" and "Faded Heart". She's also excited about Florence's new single which will be released tomorrow.
Gloria is too poor for her lifestyle. Her therapy is expensive. Gloria cooked sushi and tiger prawn korma. She should plan her meals better.
Haley found an old photo of Bella when she was a kitten. Bella is now middle-aged.
This Christmas at Wall Street was the worst since the end of the 19th century. People in Peter's bank seem calm, but the global economy will get weaker because of Trump's war on China and Brexit.
Alexa confesses to Hunter that she asked Ethan to insult him because she was jealous. They will talk about it tomorrow.
Ann will be home at 7.
Lorenna can't come to the party tomorrow because she needs to take Emma to the doctor. She will stay at home with her for a few days.
Iga had planned a weekend getaway with her boyfriend, but they had to cancel because he couldn't talk his group into changing the date of the presentation. They haven't been sitting together since Monday.
Samuel's language is Telugu and there are nearly 90 million speakers of it in South east India. Samuel is 35 years old. He works hard and earns less than a hundred dollars a month.
Pete will get the pear yogurt for Jen.
Eve, Charlie and Nicole are meeting at the entrance.
Jenkin will bring Sophie her spirit animal cards tomorrow.
Daisy sent Scarlett her RGS application.
Christie and Katie are tired after the party.
Sam and Carla will meet at Meanwood at 2 pm tomorrow.
Lily wants to rent a pop corn machine for the office Christmas party. Daniel will check if he knows someone who rents them.
Louis is looking for a gift for Lilly and Stephen's wedding.
Chris has tried jogging for the first time in a while. He was afraid he would collapse after 50m or so, but he did quite well. Matt is taking medication that slows his heart rate. Matt used to play football and his first performance after a long break was spectacular, but the next ones were horrible.
Dan has watched Punisher season 2. He liked it better than the first one. Eric thinks they should have given Jigsaw more scars. Netflix discontinued Daredevil.
Geri and Hilary will go shopping for shoes tomorrow after work. They will also get some frozen yogurt.
The top management is coming from France next week. Jacob and Alex got an invitation via Outlook to the meeting. There will be a formal dress code.
Joana and Sandy will play dixit or carcassonne.
Jenny, Joan and Jeremy are going to the concert on Saturday at 8th Avenue Barcelona.
John and Matt are going to have a practice today.
George and Blake are coming.
Steve and Rob are going to listen to the new Dream Theater album.
Martin will buy some milk for Alex.
Jeremih's sister is mad at him. Hansel will tell her.
Joy sends Peter a link to her beauty shop. Peter will look at it.
Josh spent New Year's Eve with his friends at his place. They had some wine and played board games. Emma went to the seaside and visited some clubs. She had her beer jacket on.
Andy will be working late until 4. He will be home by 8.
Shari and Stewart are critical of the president. They want to vote him out.
Lydia added a guy on Facebook and he accepted her invitation. Now he is texting her. They work in the same company.
Daria got a new job at a law firm.
Boris has to deny Sarah's request for time off because she is too low on the totem pole. He will give her first choice of dates the week after. Sarah will amend her request for the following week, Monday through Wednesday.
Blair and Chuck are meeting the wedding planner after work at Nonna Rita's. Chuck wants to order their seafood tagliatelle. They both remember the spaghetti pomodoro disaster from their last meeting with Diane.
Alan sent Ruth an email, but she didn't respond. Now she has opened the attachment.
Oscar and Payne will meet for a coffee at Tristano's in half an hour.
Frank and Hope love each other.
Gina sent Luke a photo of the parrot she painted yesterday. She will send him a PDF file.
Tina and Steve will meet in the car park after work to do the shopping together.
Rudi and Henrietta are shocked by the last Donald Trump video.
Luis doesn't want to talk to his roommate Cole.
Daniel passed his driving licence exam.
Samuel Anderson can't come to the individual meetings tomorrow. Katherine Jackson has a retake. The meetings will take place in Andrew Simmons's office, room 104.
Rosie is feeling better today, but not good.
Ty needs a French translator. Veronica doesn't speak French.
There is a nun and a blind crazy man waiting for Emily at the doctor's.
Lisa, Sarah and Mary are going to take him to the Aquarium. Frank will help them.
Conor is out with his college friends. He will bring Mario a bucket of fries from KFC.
Ditty came back last night. Inga didn't want to wake Ditty up this morning. Andy was emptying Inga's letter box and Inga collected a parcel for Ditty before Christmas. Hans is away today, so Ditty will come over to collect the parcel around 6 pm.
Damian, Jacob and Mason watched the Huddersfield game. Higuain scored twice for the team.
Jay and Joe are going to a concert in Kenya. Jay will lend Joe the money for the tickets. Jay has convinced Ruth and Paulette to accompany them.
Robyn drank too much last night. She feels better today.
Adam hasn't been to Egypt. Aaron has a connecting flight in Cairo and might leave the airport for a few hours to pass the time.
Gino doesn't know if he should wear the white shirt, black trousers and black shoes or the blue trousers and brown shoes. Renee advises him to wear the black pants and white shirt.
Richard will pick up James at 6:15.
Caleb sent Ella a photo of Maya's costume for the school play.
Javier reminds Marco to sign the attendance form when he arrives.
Josh and Michelle are going to the movies tomorrow night. Josh will pick Michelle up at 7.
Yaz and Tania are going to a pub on Friday at 8.
Anna studies a lot. She is dissatisfied with the results of her studies. Jerry likes dark humour.
Jacks has played on the Bulls Eye poker platform several times and he made a few bucks on it. He sends Robin links to some good poker sites.
Sergio prepared a speech for Ulrich's wedding. He will talk about Ulrich being a great friend over the years. He is nervous about giving the speech.
Edward, Kate and Lauren are going on a business trip tomorrow. The boss is coming with them. They are going to an expo.
Robert is meeting Darek at 5 pm. Gabriel quit the office about a month ago. Robert came to visit his old pals. Gabriel is at home looking into what he's doing next.
Susan's presentation was a disaster. Becky has a fever. Tom will pick her up and take her to his mother's house. He needs to return to the office on time.
Ethan, Leo and Archie are going to see Solstafir on Wednesday at 21.11. Noah might have to stay late at work.
Marleen will buy a yellow silk kerchief for Rita at Kaiser's for 39. Barry and Marleen will split the cost 50/50.
Johnatan, Darren and Lucas will meet for a beer in the evening.
Zandra's daughter's birthday party is tomorrow. The cake is still not ready. Erwin will deliver the cake by bike. Zandra will make decorations. Tricia will take care of the food and outside attractions.
Laura didn't get any replies. Sarah and Laura are at the Linate hotel.
Adam has an exam in 10 minutes. Dave and others are nervous.
Paul will be home later than he thought. He will call Lena in 15 minutes.
Bob and Nigel like Felix Laband very much. Nigel went to the concert in Paris last night.
There was a cat on the pitch at Goodison.
Ewan graduated.
Daniel, Matt and Brian are packing for the trip to Bosnia and Herzegovina. Michael reminds them to bring their passports.
Ross and Chandler will go for karaoke tonight. Chandler will record everything. Ross will sing George Michael.
Poppy and Harry prefer Lisbon to parties because they don't like crowd, drunk people and sightseeing.
Gyle will come home to see what happened yesterday.
Kate and Regina had a good feedback from their presentation. Only 3 people came to listen to them.
Barbara is home already. Zac is on his way. Sean will bring the dog. They will stay overnight.
Quinn and Kyle are going out tonight. Kyle is working for his uncle Kev at the building site. Quinn hates school and wants to leave at Easter. Kyle will ask his brother to get them some vodka and cigarettes. They will meet outside the club at 6.
Dick and his partner are interested in buying an apartment in building 32. Frank will come and see it in 30 minutes. He will bring a measure.
The movie starts at 9 pm. Steven and Mia will meet at 8 pm for Chinese food.
Marshall can't go out tonight because money is low. Lilly will come over and watch Netflix with him.
James is out of the team because of the coach. He has already texted him.
Stu's IT friend Alex downloaded Open Office and some other programs and put them on a CD for his new laptop. Priscilla bought the software online.
Rita wants to know more about Helen's client Salvage Industries. They are into waste disposal. Helen will double check if they have any PR problems.
Ginger will come to Phylis to get some sugar for her pie.
Robert is with his kids now. Anthony will go for a beer with Andrew around 9. In the evening Anthony is taking his lady for a date.
Jill is bored at work and needs to find a job. She will call Nate when she gets off work.
Jake has just pulled his first TOTW this year. He will try him in one or two matches, but he's not a good fit for his squads.
Rosemary and Victoria are going to record the drums this weekend. Rosemary doesn't have a working laptop at the moment, so they need to borrow one from somebody.
Jordan got a Thomas the Tank engine card and £20 from Cass for his 11th birthday.
Jane will be 10 minutes late. She forgot to take the file with the xerox copies. Alex will wait for her by the left entrance.
Ken is depressed. He had a bad day yesterday. Ellen is worried about him.
Phil got a card from Deana. Constantine was very happy. Deana found a pair of sunglasses in the very back of Phil's car. She will keep them.
Alice's dad is coming to decorate Jo's place for a month. Kim and Alice will meet on Friday after 8 pm.
Jessica has been to Palermo in Italy. There are 8000 corpses in the Capuchin Catacombs. Most of them were exhibited in their clothes.
Spencer has a lot of commissions coming in. He works 16 hours a week at the call centre and the rest of the week on his illustrations. He earns around £1000 a month before commission and tax.
Tim wants to organize a newbie gaming evening. Joe gives him some tips.
Richard, Anne and Holy have a project due on 15th of December. Holy will be out of town until Monday, but she will do some research tonight and send them back to Richard and Anne. They will meet at Starbucks after 3 pm tomorrow.
Gurdun is feeling a bit better, but he still has a headache and muscle pain. He might be back at the uni on Wednesday. Russ had a flu three months ago. His team won the last match.
Leo shares a funny video with Charlie and Oliver.
Mummy and Thessalia wish each other a happy Christmas.
Samara doesn't have anything new to say. She doesn't want to play with JP.
Michael can't meet with Tom today. He will call him tomorrow.
Kevin will buy Dan a sandwich on his way to work.
Simon and Charlie are critical of EU immigration policy. Poland is one of the last countries unspoilt by uncontrolled migration and terrorism. Berlin has put concrete blocks around Christmas fair, Belgium has soldiers running armed around cities and Paris has mass demonstrations and car arsons happening all over the city.
Tilly had to go for detention. She will be home in about 40 minutes.
Mell and Gloria are going to have a BBQ on Saturday at Mell's place. Gloria will prepare the food and bring the drinks.
Whitney will take Hailey to the cinema on the day Aqua man is released. Shadrack and his girlfriend will accompany them.
Jacob got a punchbag for Christmas and Jenny got training shoes. George got a cooking pot from Jenny.
Lincoln broke Hudson's toilet seat. Hudson will try to replace it with a new one and let him know if it works.
Katherine is going to bring her around 11. Kayla finishes at 11.
Lorena got a new desk and doesn't know how to assemble it. Martin will help her tomorrow.
Everett will give his friend Ralph Amy's phone number.
Ross has to work for 2 hours tonight. Ross and Diane are going to relax at home.
Ed, Valerie, Chris, Lor, Atnee and Jessica are against sex.
Cristina and Gaya will meet at Gaya's studio next week to discuss the shoot.
Matt and Tony want to go to Bon Jovi's concert in Warsaw next July. Phil will think about it and let them know soon.
Dan divided the food from the BBQ equally. There are no leftovers for Sara, Ashley, Vicky and Eric.
Harper will order a meal from the restaurant they talked about last time and they will stay in for the evening. They will watch Ugly Truth.
Harry will be late for the birthday party. Michael is driving, Vanessa and Peter are still on their way, and Harry is stuck in the same traffic as them.
Callan's Samsung S8 overheats and it takes a while for it to restart again. He's going to the store to let them see it. It's still under warranty.
Mike is in London.
Andrea can't come to work today because she needs to take her sick son to the doctor. Patrick will take care of him for the next couple of days.
Phil is in the shop. He will be home in an hour. Nancy will make an apple pie.
Bryan's manager will send the payment to Piper tonight.
Richie and Clay are excited about Pogba's strike.
Sybille has problems with her son's online registration for the flight AF3581 from Minneapolis to Paris the 29th. The flight is operated by Delta Airlines. Sybille's son couldn't get his flight yesterday, so she asked for it to be postponed. Delta and Air France can't share payment.
Natalia, Harriet and Lara will book the flight today.
Hans wants Slade to come to the practice now and bring the ball.
Holt wants to buy his 21-year-old sister a set of DVDs and cosmetics for her birthday.
Roxana and Summer advise Georgia to buy it.
Miley doesn't want to go to work tomorrow.
Greg is coming to BG for a business trip. He will stay at Nina's. Nina will pick him up from work.
Amal and Amir like Beyonce's tweet.
Alexa hasn't seen the last America's Got Talent. She likes the girl and thinks she might win the edition.
Kelly still hasn't received the rent money from John. John sent it to the wrong account. John will ask the bank to re-send the money to the right account tomorrow.
James is going to work.
Lilian's mum has been calling her all day, but she told them she is at Helen's place.
Barbara asked Freddy to sing at the school concert on Friday. Freddy will send Simon three tracks for the songs he likes to sing. Simon will play guitar during the concert.
Tommy got home alright. His mum didn't pick him up from the station, so he had to take a bus. He liked the weekend. He will talk to his dad in the evening.
Tobias and Trevor will meet at 9 at Tobias's place for a beer.
Autumn hasn't checked the tests for a month because the dress wouldn't sew itself. She will show Israel the photos of the dress soon.
Frances is back from the Vosges. She had a great time and didn't spend much money. She cooked and had meals in a local.
Paula and Stewart hate the game with super hard levels. Paula will look up the cheats online.
Bethany doesn't want to work as a computer investigator.
Jackie's sister got pregnant, but she's worried about her health. Her brother-in-law earns a lot of money, but he doesn't have any debt.
Mike, Joseph and Sean are going to the lecture tomorrow morning. They all make notes, but they don't want to share them with Sean.
Anna has a stomachache. She ate cereal with milk and a banana for breakfast. Joanna is in her room. Anna will get her a hot tea with some fresh mint leaves.
Ziggler will bring his passport tomorrow.
Someone ordered a cake with a penis on it. The woman is making it in the small room under the stairs.
Larry and Kirsten are going to vote on insurance. They will consult with Jamie and John. They want to put a menorah in the lobby next year.
Lesley wants Chloe to take the dog for a walk when she gets home. Chloe is going to Megan's house tonight. Lesley wants her to come home and let the dog out.
Natalie's wallet is in Tobias' room.
Phil will be in Rob's office tomorrow morning.
Martin is asexual. He doesn't want to break up with Nicole.
Mike has an allergic reaction.
David wants to get a new tattoo. Mike will go get one with him.
Olivia will buy fresh tomatoes and chocolate for dinner for William and Beth.
There are a lot of vans on the road from the swimming pool to Waitrose. Karen got stuck after yoga. Peter has to finish a presentation for the repairs team tomorrow. Eileen wanted him to do it.
Matt and Nick don't know what internet connection they have. Matt needs it for the application. Nick usually uses his mobile service.
Baron, Gabriel and Gavin are going to a match next week. Their tutor will join them.
Mia, Peter and Karine are critical of Donald Trump. They think he is trying to shake the world's order.
Madison found an offer for Thailand. Tickets cost a lot, but the rest is extra cheap. Children under 12 get 50% off.
Tina is interested in dating Patrick. Demi advises her to chill out and look for different types of men.
Nanna has broken her leg, so she can't visit Freddie and Winnie. Mummy and Daddy will come when they can.
Mark, Clint and Phil are going to see 'Batman' this Saturday at 7. Mark will get tickets for them.
Andy will send Betty a detailed quote for the work on the mould in Betty's house by Friday. He will install a PIV system in the loft and treat the walls to get rid of the mould.
Warren locked the door.
Claire and Aaron are going to a conference about relations at school. Aaron is giving two lectures. Claire will attend Jo's workshop on teamwork. Aaron took a mindfullness workshop in Berlin last year.
Rob wants to sell his flat. He moved in a year ago. They are thinking about having a baby and there is no room for a cot in their bedroom. Rob is seeing a friend who is relocating to another city tomorrow and offers a good price.
Evan talked to Ethan about the function. Ethan might not come. Evan will try to make Ethan come.
Daisy is in Naples. She took a ferry early in the morning yesterday. She is seeing Rome, Florence, Venice and San Fransisco. She will be there from 1-5 of September. Charlie wants to meet her again. He will take a train to Florence.
Adele is still listening to the song Kode recommended her. Kode has that song in his music library for 3 years. He will give Adele the whole album in USB. Adele is waiting for Kode.
Leah told Ian that he dumped Claire years ago. Ian doesn't know Claire, but he does remember his past girlfriends and none of them was named Claire.
Violet is going on vacation and she needs to make an appointment at a waxing salon. She has a problem with ingrown hairs.
Suzy asks Linda to follow her on Instagram.
Sean, Rick and John are discussing the trade deadline today. John would like to get Lamar Jackson, but he doesn't have rights to him. John might have a way to change the QB rule after the season.
Lisa sent Victoria and Amelia a link to a diet. Amelia's mother was on the diet and she gained 5 pounds.
Carrie has just seen Fantastic Beast. Gina saw it last week. Gina liked Eddie Redmayne as Newt. Alex was thinking of going this weekend with Lane, but he's seen some bad reviews.
Amelia can't tell Emily what her favourite colour is.
Mary moved to Southampton in December.
He got fired yesterday and thrown out of school.
Alex likes the flash better than Batman because he can do almost anything.
Marek sent Adam a picture of an ass he found on the escalator in a shopping mall.
Mark and Daniel are going to meet for drinks at Mark's place tonight.
Bart didn't study for the economy final and he got a bad grade. He started playing StarCraft and wasted a lot of time. He plans to re-take the class next year.
Margot bought a bottle of wine for Nancy's birthday. Yvonne hasn't bought anything yet.
Lindsay and Finlay came to Elliot's birthday party.
Jennifer, Jack and Reece are going to watch Mad Max on Netflix tomorrow evening.
Sean has decided that his spirit animal is a tortoise.
Mary is back home with her baby. She sent Henry a photo of the baby.
Patti's cat is fine. Patti will pick her up from the vet's at 5.
Kate will buy an apple for George and tangerines for herself at the grocery store.
The earphones are new and cost £187. Sam will buy the white ones. The product can only be collected in Garstang. It usually arrives the next day, but in rare instances it's longer.
Kelly, Meghan and Mary are going to wear red dresses and bright red lipstick.
Kate will borrow Emilly's blue handbag for Friday. Emilly will bring it to the office tomorrow.
Monica has a free usb in her office on the 2nd floor in room 112.
Nathan wants to buy himself a bike in spring. He doesn't want to hang it on the wall, because people who do that annoy him. Nathan also got a stationary bike so he can be in shape during winter. Nathan rides 25 kilometers everyday and his goal for the summer is 100 kilometers.
Parker and Jason like DC Universe better than Marvel Universe. Jason downloaded the latest episode of Arrow and will text Parker when it's done.
Michael travels a lot. He has been to Argentina, Brazil and Chile. He will be in Boston next weekend. He would like to leave London for the Netherlands, but he needs to talk to his manager first. Kai has a conference on the 8th of December.
Carol has a lot of fruit from her garden. Jacob will pick up the fruits on Wednesday at 6 pm.
Molly is stressed out because of the silly season.
Janette has got mice in her kitchen.
Lawrence has to finish the article by today. He will get back to Madison once he is done.
Julia doesn't want to eat with her parents anymore. She will call Ronald when she gets back.
Guido has trouble understanding Agata's posts on Facebook. Agata is learning to code in JavaScript. Her husband doesn't complain about her new job.
Alejandro and Luz are going to meet for the first time in 2 weeks time. She will be there on 20th December at 4 PM. Alejandro will pick her up.
Sam started the career mode in FIFA 19. It's different from the one in 18 maaan.
Ethan will buy a kebab for Damian.
Adam's flight has been rescheduled and will arrive one hour later. He will be there in less than 24 hours. It's been half a year since his last visit.
Matthew has a cold. Lisa advises him to drink orange juice and take a rest.
Joyce can't take the car to get Harry, because Kyle has to go to a mechanic. He will get him by bus.
Bailey has a lot of fabric in her closet. Mikaela had to buy a box at Ikea because her closet got too small.
Susan had a romantic weekend with Toby. They stayed in a 4-star hotel near the beach. They spent most time walking along the seaside. Susan said yes to Toby.
Olivia is having fun with her grand daughter Linta. Eva will be leaving in an hour to go home. Olivia will keep her ready and bring her a bottle of milk.
Jack will be 10 minutes late. Laura will wait inside.
Breonna wants to know if Melissa is ok with men grabbing her whenever they feel like it. Melissa is not. She had a friend yelled at by a girl for 5 minutes because he held the door for her.
Zoe sends Frank a video.
Josie doesn't like Eco's novel "Foucault's Pendulum". She would like to read one of his novels in Italian, but she's not sure her level of Italian is adequate. "The Name of the Rose" is set in the 1980s, so the language is more comprehensible. "Pendulum" was written by Salman Rushdie in the 80s.
Evan has got the flu and cancels his lesson with Dennis for next Thursday.
Amanda is going to a free concert in the city park around 9 p.m. Camille and Patrick will join her. Later they will go party.
Bobby is annoyed by pharmaceuticals, medicine and drugs. He was watching a commercial last night and noticed a name of an illness that he had never heard of. He did some research and found out it's not an illness. The pharmaceutical industry is worth at least $1.2 billion today.
Dave sends Greg his notes from statistics.
Mark is going out in a sec. Sally doesn't feel well, so she won't join him. Mark will pick her up.
Joy and Sandy are going for a date on Friday evening at 11 am. Sandy will be late, because she has to take a shower. Lina liked Joy's dress, but she thinks it has too much cleavage.
It's raining. Val and Candy will wait half an hour to see if it stops.
Ted kept plasters till this morning after his shower.
Lily and Mary will Facetime Kyle in 10 minutes.
Taylor is throwing a party tomorrow at 8 PM at his house. His parents are away.
Sierra and Jeremy haven't received the grant yet. Tomas is broke. Sierra will lend him some money.
Charles and Camilla are going to visit the German markets this weekend. They will have sausages, beer and mulled wine.
Zoe and Xiara didn't apply for the RGS grant last year. It depends on the award.
Colin has some news for Ava. Ava is shorter than penguins.
Ursula got a 93 on her French exam. Jana got 65.
There was an emergency at school today, but it turned out to be a drill.
Perry, Marlow, Janet and Forster will meet tomorrow at 8 pm at Perry's place to go on holiday to Asia. They will visit Pa first.
Lee has been at work for almost 5 months. The digital wizard client manager who normally wears only hoodies, just put on a proper dress shirt and a suit jacket. He has a presentation after work. Lee pre-purchased RoS CE in a temporal break of his brains. He got pets for WoW, decals for SC2 and a Demon Hunter for Heroes of the Storm.
Boris will bring home the clothes that are hanging outside.
Barry, Jake, Dave and Kelly are going to march in Women's strike. They will meet around the campus at noon.
Laurel and John will meet at Jade's collection tomorrow at 5 pm to buy a birthday gift for Diana.
Rachel loves her new cat, Portia, but she doesn't like the fact that she's allergic to cats. She's taking medication and it's helping.
Matthew, Kristina and Bart are going to Mark's wedding party the next day.
Russel and Diana are going to buy a present for mum.
Amy looks serious at all times. Neither Owen nor Neil have talked to her. They should meet her in person.
Rachel and Wai will meet at 4 at the main entrance of the museum. After that they will go to some bar. Rachel is new to the organization and doesn't know what she's supposed to do.
Robert is not in town.
It's Dorothea's birthday today. She's going to meet Tom and they're going to eat something in the town. On Saturday she's having a party.
Jules and Derek don't have a class tomorrow.
Ainsley is sick and can't help Jane with her thesis.
Lydia has put on some weight after months of working out.
Mick has never done any student exchanges before. He will go to a club with his friends for Halloween. He was supposed to go to London with his grandparents, but his grandma is ill. Now he will stay in. Amka never used to celebrate Halloween, but she likes it.
Karine and Jessie were at kindergarten.
Cael hasn't finished the dress yet. Mae hopes to have it soon.
Fiona is in love with her student Conrad, who is 5 years younger than her.
There is a lot of money invested in Kongo. The situation there is terrible. The elections were not done properly.
Margaret and Evans will meet on December 4th at 10:00 and December 11th at 11:00. They might meet on the 14th or 17th.
Bradley is busy at work. He will contact Joanne later.
Iris' husband is famous. Iris' parents are happy for him. Pete will be home in 1 hour.
Iris is trying to remove herself from an expense. Juls has left the group, so they need to add her towards the car rental price. George and Sara will stay in the splitwise group until the end of the month.
Ola will be late, but should be free by 8.
Conny has to write a paper for next week. He did most of his research on the internet. Fitz advised him to go to the library.
Louis and Archie think Melanie looks like Melanie with straight hair.
Carly and Cindy are laughing at her behaviour.
Kirsten and Alex are going bowling together on Friday at 7 pm.
He's looking at Sam when she doesn't see him. Cathy and Kate noticed it. Sam will talk to him tomorrow.
Jess had a strange dream about a lion tamer and a circus owner. Lynn and Charlie think dreams reflect our subconsciousness.
Charles is worried about his gluten intolerance. He had a basic blood test and everything's fine. He should stop eating gluten for a month and see if he feels better.
Ulysses got an A, Peter got a B. Martha can check the grades on the course page.
Andrew doesn't like the Polish joke about sinking a battleship.
Linda missed the train. The next one is in one hour. The fare was 80 euros.
Martha wants to buy the lenses from Ophelia's profile picture. She will check Crazy Lenses.
Linda is on a flower market looking for a gift for her mother. Michael recommends tulips, roses, freesias and carnations.
Tim will be about twenty minutes late. Gary will try to delay the main presentation.
Leslie will pick up Mark from the airport on Thursday at 4. Marcus has a meeting at 1. Anna will call him and give him Leslie's number.
Lewandowska has measles. She is Joanna's thesis mentor. They are organizing vaccinations in the main building from 17th until 19th. Joanna will try to get vaccinated before work on 18th.
Thelma doesn't have anything to wear. Louisa will bring her red velvet dress.
Joseph will take his car to the opera.
Carl is waiting for Meg, but she needs 5 more minutes as she lost her key somewhere.
Kim and Ben will meet tonight for pizza with coke.
Stanley is alive and well.
Maria is tired of her job. Anastasia and Felix try to calm her down.
Ryanair cancelled 400,000 flights. Erin cancelled her plans to go to Egypt. Elijah's 2 flights are confirmed. Luke has booked another flight with easyjet. Ava hopes Ryanair will send her a voucher.
Rachel's aunt was in an accident, but she's fine. Some idiot was speeding and didn't see the red light. He will pay for the rehabilitation.
Monica got drunk at the office party two months ago and became friendly with Ross. Now Monica is pregnant. Ross is married.
Luke got his ass kicked surfing today. There were no waves, 3 wipeouts and one surfboard to the head. The low tide is at 2:22 pm tomorrow. The mid tide is generally the best because you can see the rocks.
Benjamin didn't go to Friday night's basketball game because his mom is sick. His team won the game 101-98. Benjamin will go to the next one next weekend.
Jamilla reminds Kiki and Yoyo that the audition starts at 7.30 on Antena 3.
Marta accidentally sent something to Agnieszka and Weronika.
There was a meet and greet with James Charles in one of the malls in Birmingham. The media made some negative comments on it.
Rachel, Spencer and Janice discuss the Top 50 Best Films of 2018. Janice has watched almost all of them. She watched Deadpool 2 twice and Avengers twice. Her boyfriend forced her to watch them.
