Hannah is looking for Betty's number, but Amanda can't find it. She advises Hannah to ask Larry.
Eric and Rob are laughing at a Russian comedian's stand-up.
Lenny will buy the first or the third pair of purple trousers from Bob.
Emma doesn't want to cook dinner tonight. She will tell Will when she gets home.
Jane is back from her trip to Morocco. Ollie and Jane will meet for lunch on Friday at 6 pm after Jane finishes her courses.
Hilary is going to have lunch with French people who work on the history of food in colonial Mexico at 2 pm at La Cantina. She wants to talk about their research. Benjamin will join them.
Payton likes browsing, trying on, looking in the mirror and seeing how she looks. She usually buys clothes from 2 or 3 websites. She also loves reading.
Rita and Tina are bored at work.
Beatrice is in town, shopping. She will buy a scarf for Leo.
Eric doesn't know if he can come to Ivan's brother's wedding. Ivan will talk to his parents about it.
Gina will go grocery shopping with Wanda on Friday.
Martin won two cinema tickets online. He will see the new film with Redford at the end of the week.
Charlee is in class preparing a performance in Portuguese. The writer is Mrożek.
Ella rented a car.
Luke will join Paul's Netflix family. Paul will send Luke the login and password on Sunday. Luke will wire Paul the money every month. Paul has been on holidays for less than 8 days.
Greg needs to stay after hours, so he asks Betsy to pick up Johnny. She can't do it, because she has to work long hours.
Ethan, Toby and Marshall are making fun of Scott.
Igor has a lot of work to do at work. He's on a two-week notice period.
Clara is rewatching Dear White People on Netflix. Neela is watching the rest of a movie.
Mike parked his car in the garage today. Someone crashed into his car.
Beth's mum's 40th birthday is in 6 weeks. Beth wants to try working in a beauty salon as a work experience. Deirdre is looking for Saturday girls. Beth will meet with Maxine tomorrow after school.
Gloria and Emma have 4 hours for the exam. Emma is going to read everything from the website.
Adam and Karen are worried about May. May is depressed and doesn't want to see a specialist. Karen will call her friend who is a psychologist.
Mark lied to Anne about his age. Anne saw his passport today.
It's Wharton's birthday next week. Darlene, Walker and Heather will buy him a paper shredder. They will shred some papers at the party.
Ollie, Kelly and Mickey are going to a sculpture garden in Finnland. Kelly finds it scary because of the number of people in the sculptures. Ollie finds it similar to Nagoro village in Japan.
Myah sends Selah a phone number. Selah can't see the phone number very well. The phone of that person is off.
Bella and Eric's boss was very appreciative of their decision to dismiss the request of a potential client.
Emma is at the rare of the bus. Ben will come and wake her up around 4.15. They are going to arrive to NY around 4:30 PM.
Jesse, Melvin, Lee and Maxine will chip in for the Refuge's Christmas foundation to help women and children who escape from abuse.
Carter will lend Mary a few box in an hour.
Paula explains Charlotte how to pronounce 'Natal lily'.
May and Jack are going to have a drink later.
Margaret has a terrible headache. Jack will buy her some painkillers.
Serge is on his way to pick up the film equipment for tonight's shooting. Andrei has an outstanding bill to pay with the company.
Janice doesn't want to buy her son a hamster for his birthday. Martina got one for her son and it stank up the whole house.
Mary and Lucas love DA II. Daniel has just started playing and is trying to get used to the mechanics.
Judy is attracted to jerks. She doesn't feel the butterflies about Bruce.
Chloe is on tv on a programme in which women undergo a complete metamorphosis.
Ala is on her way to a meeting. She will let Tina know how it went.
Sebastian and his partner moved here a year ago. Sebastian is satisfied with his decisions. Kevin wishes he had such a partner by his side. Kevin wants to win the lottery but he has never done it.
Son will try to come home this weekend. Frank will tell his mother that he will come.
Ola and Momo are on a trip to Cuba. Momo has recovered from her injury and frolicking again. Ola has lost her scarf from Laos. Kate suggests that Ola should look for a new one in a boutique shop.
Mike should ask Mary for John's number.
Joseph sends Ella a photo of newborn cows.
Jack took Josh's notebook home. Jack will bring it tomorrow.
Adele got a new 4-month-old biscuit lab called Bones. The cats keep their distance from him, but Speedy wants to play with him. Adele had to wean her previous dogs because they fought.
Kristian and Tabora are playing games.
Cathy will pick up her sunglasses from Broken's place at 10 tonight.
Petra is sleepy and wants to sleep, but nobody's working at the office today.
Nick wants to meet Jane for a drink, but she's not interested.
Adam's friend saw Tim with a guy. Nate and Julia didn't know that Tim is gay.
Lilly will be late. Gabriel will order some food for her.
Celine will drop by Cara's place in the evening.
Craig's computer is not working. Derek will help him in 20 minutes.
Emma wants to take the kids for a walk, but Abigail doesn't think it's a good idea as the smog alert app is showing that the norms have been exceeded by 30%.
Cindy advises Paul to get red roses.
Jenny left her credit card at the shop. She can pick it up whenever she comes.
Lara will come to Tom's birthday party around 5 pm. She will pick up the cake and get the balloons.
Paul is close to the Mac. Laura has been waiting for him for 30 minutes and 15 minutes.
Hugh and Salma like the latest cat meme.
Matt and Oliver got into Stanford, but Peter didn't. He has to look for other university.
Jake informs Nadia and Vanessa that they don't have English today because Smith called in sick and they couldn't find a replacement.
Brandon lost his credit card. Ian will lend him $100.
Inez, Alicja, Gosia and Pattycja enjoyed their Food Evening. They will go again on Wednesday.
Catherine will call Ana when she wakes up. They will visit grandma tomorrow.
Edson is booking his ticket now.
Jane and Steven will meet at the main entrance instead of 5.
Morgan and Suzanne are going to a Maroon 5 concert next week.
Julia didn't know that this book existed. The last book she read was Die again from 2014. The city library is organizing a meeting with Tess.
Ali left his wallet at Mohammad's place yesterday. Mohammad will bring it to the uni tomorrow.
Laura and Linda will go to an Italian restaurant tomorrow. Linda likes their pasta and brownie.
Natalie, Martin, Margot and Mia will come to Anna's birthday party on 6th of November at 1930.
Mia and Elliot are going for drinks after work tonight. Elliot will pick Mia up.
Jayden doesn't want to have children now, but maybe in the future when she has a good job and is financially independent.
Steve informs Gulab that USA won last night and that England will play Croatia tomorrow at 2:00.
John is coming in 10 minutes. Ela will give him her walle back.
Mary's sister is jealous because Mary is working from home and earning well. She is asking everyone and trying to get to the people Mary works for.
Fiona will prepare a tart for Chris. Tina will help her.
Peadar, Oli, James and Helen are going for a drink to Jesus bar around 9.15. Annette can't join them as she's sick.
Ryan and Sebastian are worried about the events in Ukraine.
Finn and Zadie are going to the Elephant and Castle shopping centre tomorrow. They will meet at 2 o'clock at the main entrance.
Jacob forgot to listen to the song Harry sent him 3 days ago. He will do it later tonight.
Someone locked the door from outside and Ray can't get out. Max will ask his roommates to open it for him.
Harry has just bought a new sofa and he needs pillows. Kim will tell his mom that grey is the best colour.
Josh needs to buy an iPad. Brian recommends Samsung, Xiaomi, Sony.
Nathalie and Olafur are going to the Breakfast at Tiffany's party in Soho for New Year's Eve.
Andy is watching Arrow B. He has a quiz tomorrow.
Kim is looking for some fresh ramal fish in Warsaw. Margot recommends the marketplace at Polna street, restaurants' menus and asking about their source. Kim will grill the fish for a special occasion.
Tom and Ben are going to fight at 2 pm in the Oval Room.
Ashleigh got the job. She and Peter are going to the cinema.
Reed's Saturday was alright, Danna's was boring. Danna is angry, because she called only 5-8 of her friends. Reed doesn't have a TV, because their subscription expired and they never renewed it. Reed is in bed, and he's off tomorrow.
Alivia's thesis is not going well. She finds the topic interesting and she doesn't mind reading articles and books, but when she's supposed to write, she can't type a single word without thinking she sounds stupid.
Maddie is in Asda. She will buy white bread and apples for John.
Jordan is going to a funeral of his colleague Brad. He will call Elliot tonight at 8 pm.
Flo can't go to the salon until the 6th. Gina will get her a touch-up kit at Tesco.
Rob is at the grocery store. He will buy cucumber, tomatoes, bananas, apples and whatever else Ann wants for supper and lunch tomorrow.
Melany doesn't remember the last time she had sex.
Eric sends Samantha and Noah a video of their favorite professor.
Jacky thinks David was right yesterday. Jacky will call David when she gets home.
Rick and Chris will skype tomorrow at 3 pm Chris' time.
Ying has 10 years of experience.
Missy gets out of work at 6. Daniel and Missy will go for drinks after dinner.
Adelle will clean the hamster cage after school.
Maya will buy 5 pairs of earplugs for Randolph at the pharmacy.
David is coming home for Christmas next week. Jane will get him an ipad. David will order it online and have it shipped home.
Betty told Isabella about her work yesterday. Isabella would like to do something together with Betty.
Amy will get back to Hollie later.
Huda and Alex are going swimming in 2 hours.
Janet, Alison, Nicole, Cheryl, Sue, Linda, Arlene and Leslie are disgusted by Donald Trump's absence at the inauguration.
Rashi is confused about her career options. Teacher advises her to choose a career based on what interests her.
Corbin wants Dimitri to help him report school violence. Dimitri will call Corbin now.
Marta is looking for a technician to fix her PC. Pablo is on vacation this week, but Cynthia or Elena might know someone.
Ann is planning a surprise 50th birthday party for her dad, who is turning 50. She was planning to have dinner with the whole family, but she doesn't know what to do special for his birthday. Fiona suggests something on the ground, like racing, horse riding or paintball.
Jenson is not happy with Alene. He thinks she may have a depression. Alene won't go to the doctor. Fatima and Jenson are her friends. If they break up, Fatima will have a problem.
Lisa has to clean the house. Bob helped make it dirty. He will clean the bathroom.
Luke and Martial will let Jose know they are available for team selection tomorrow. They will meet at carrington and go to his office early.
Julie and Emily exchange Christmas greetings.
Frederick and Ricky don't like their new next door neighbors.
Brenda and Sandra used to work together in the clothes factory. Brenda lives in Stoke now. Sandra lives in Kings Norton with her husband. Brenda has 4 grandchildren, ages 2, 4, 9 and 15. Brenda's husband Bill died 5 years ago. Brenda and Sandra will organise a reunion for the Lister's girls next Saturday.
John and Joan will see "A Star is Born" on Thursday around 8 pm.
George wants to meet Donna in a coffee shop or somewhere to discuss a delicate matter. He doesn't want her to come to his place tonight.
Louis has to go because his mom is calling him.
Irene wants to go shopping with her little boy. Crystal will let her take him.
Tony has sent Amy and Lucas a photo of a cat.
Matt and Thomas are going to Dawid Podsiadlo's concert.
Chris pushed some girls into the pool.
Jeff, Lia and Mico are going to the village party.
Paul will couch the game on Saturday.
Fred will pick Luke up at 3:15.
Jack is going to the casting. He will meet Ryan there.
Evelyn will stay at home for the holidays. Joanne is going back home. She always liked spending Christmas with her family, but her parents separated a few months ago. She will try to cheer her mother up.
Raul had a bad night last night. He was angry and had weird dreams about his uncle.
Angie has severe stomach pain. Ms. Quinn will see her doctor, Doctor McCormick, in an hour.
Kelvin and other class members will have their CAT 2 during the statistics class.
Linda, Ronnie, Karen and Amanda will have pasta for lunch at the pasta joint next to their apartment.
Christine will pick up Marcel from school around 4. She will take him to the doctor tomorrow morning.
Cameron will have to stay out of town for another week, so he won't be able to bring Peyton the video game.
Alicja has a job interview tomorrow.
Paul forgot about his physiotherapy appointment. Emma will be home after midnight. Paul will prepare some food for her.
Sean overslept again.
Chris invites Tom and his brother to join him in a jacuzzi in his garden.
Cindy will call Ela and tell her Harry needs to talk urgently.
Mike didn't take the dog for a walk. Adam will take him with him.
Murphy is going to Poanań on Tuesday and coming back the same day in the afternoon.
Gaia has 6 exams this term, one of them is really hard.
Mr. Williams and Ms. Blair will go for a coffee at 2 pm.
Jeff has a skin condition. He doesn't have to take meds all the time. Tina has the same condition and she takes meds daily. Jeff will tell Tina to call him if she has any questions.
Kristina and Estefania are watching America's top model on tv. Jannette just got home.
Daniel is flying to Bologna today, but he has to change at the airport. He will be there for 2 hours. Simone may visit Marco in December.
Mike can't talk right now. He will call Dale back in 2 hours.
Timmy had a bad day at work because his boss yelled at him. He will come to Gemma's barbecue at the weekend.
Pat has a delay, so she will come in the evening around 9 pm. Bart will open the door for her. Pat has another project to finish tomorrow morning. Pat is not a painter.
Erin and Ashley will meet at the camp restaurant to do the interview.
Kate and Tommy are preparing for the conference. Tommy will have a prezi. The conference costs $10 a month for academics.
Maxwell and Jeanice worked together for 8 hours tonight. Marcus argued with his teacher, but they didn't fight. Recently Marcus has been behaving in a strange way. Jeanice and Maxwell will meet for a coffee to talk about it.
Mike, Tom and Ben will go for a beer.
Leah met a guy at the poetry reading last night. He wentogled her out because he thought she had a crush on him. He tried to walk her home.
Nicky has just left Sam's place.
Ken wants his money back from Greg.
Tom received a taxi confirmation from Alexander. He arrived safely but without luggages.
The university organises a carnival party for children. There are 5 bouncy castles and a huge bouncy dragon.
Sophie is looking for Ian's green folder.
Simon can't talk. He will be free at 5.
Jen wants to break up with her boyfriend. He hasn't given her back the money he owes her. She's afraid to ask him to leave. Jane advises her to do it.
Poppy is not preparing anything for dinner tonight. Dean will grab something on his way back home. Poppy won't be home tonight.
Gab would love to meet Kat in real life. Kat doesn't meet strange men from the internet. Kat is busy at the moment and can't meet Gab for a drink.
Agatha's economics presentation is ready. She used recent research.
Sally and Tim are going to see Imagine Dragons on 12 July at ABC Theatre.
Andrew wanted to take Bez's car to Krizingen but it showed "low brake fluid level". It was probably a display error. Kate took the car today and everything was fine. Bez is in a hotel lobby now. He will be home on 21st in the evening.
Laura will visit her parents next Saturday. Keith will cook lasagne for her.
Pegah is in class till 15:00 and then she works from 17:00 till about 21:30. She will be back at 22:00 D.
Pam has to go shopping, cook and clean, so she doesn't have time to buy the balloons for Tom's birthday. Robert will pick them up from the store in the city centre.
Shelly is volunteering at the food shelter this year. Tracy is not into that. Jody does charity work every year.
Max has a new music project. Jim will listen to it when he gets home.
Kane recommends the new 30 seconds to mars album to Shannon.
Andy will visit Paul in 1 hour to drink coffee and talk about politics.
Caroline can't stop thinking about Ross or Chandler.
Josh will check his email to see what Ron sent him.
Phoebe's mum is angry at her because she used her perfume and broke it.
Eve and Rob will meet on Sunday. Eve has some stuff to do around 3.
Betty sends Sandra a photo of a man who takes care of animals. Sandra and her ex-boyfriend split up 3 months ago. Betty will be at Sandra's place at 6.
Anna likes the app. Peter doesn't understand why he should add more clothes to his wardrobe.
Dan's swollen after an injection with anaesthesis.
Archie is arriving from Southampton around midnight. He will be travelling to Judah by bus.
Chloe hasn't watched the series yet. She will watch it at the weekend.
Lauren wants to get a small tattoo above the ankle. Nelly is afraid of pain. Tessie knows a couple of guys who do it.
Wendy thinks the upstairs toilet might be blocked. David and Wendy can't afford the plumber this month. They will have to wait until the next paycheck to have the toilet fixed.
Rowen's country drives on the left hand side of the road.
Tom wants to go to Robinson Crusoe's island. Jonathan, Oscar and Kit think it's insane.
Titus will help Emely with a difficult task.
Aldo sent Marco his article. It's 12 pages long. Marco will print it and read it now.
Harris's friend Aoki died yesterday. Harris hasn't seen her for a few months as she lives in Michigan.
Hannah has made a lot of New Year's resolutions. She wants to lose weight and exercise 3 times a week, learn how to cook and start meal prepping, and find her future husband. Brooklyn doesn't make any resolutions.
Trevor is having sex with Abigail's father, a church pastor. They don't have any condoms and Trevor is planning to pull out at the last moment. Trevor's uncle, Richard, wants to get him to pay child support instead of Trevor.
Julia likes looking at photos of her friends and sharing stuff with them on social media. Gail likes to spy on people. For example, Em is seeing someone from work. Jessica is thinking about going on a diet. Hillary thinks Julia overdo it and has no life in real life.
Miranda called Tom yesterday. She knows Anne and Tom are dating. She wants to take Tom away from Anne.
Ella asks Barbara and Eva to confirm that they are coming and if they have any dietary requirements for the catering company.
Sarah will arrive in New York this Thursday. Joshua will be waiting for her with a gift.
Allison got a scholarship.
Sam finishes work at 5. He is not bringing him over tonight. He will bring him in the morning around 9.
Betty and Phil will go to the cinema to see a thriller at 6:30 pm. They will have dinner at home afterwards.
Robert has been laid off. He is looking for a new job. Serge will try to help him find one.
Lily had an amazing night with a guy from LSE.
Sam wants to buy a black dress for his wife as a surprise gift. He will order it on the website.
Kamden hasn't seen Mckinley in a while because he's been off social media. He uses chat on Facebook to keep in touch with his friends.
Mike is going to the gym and then home. Jason will come over and they will play Destiny 2 on PS4.
Linda is moving to Ohio for 6 months. She will meet with Daisy before she leaves.
Hayden has 1 month to write her thesis. She doesn't know what to do in the future to make good money. She considers working as a flight attendant, but she doesn't want to risk every time.
Alan has found a product that has no sugar, no taste, and additional cinnamon flavoring. The whiskey goes well with the cinnamon.
Yaz and Mary are going to slimming club tonight. They will meet with their old cookery teacher at 6.
Aaliyah and Camille are having classes at 342 on the second floor. Camille is sick.
Dan sent Nathan a video of a girl having a spiritual moment.
William will be back in 5 minutes.
Jake booked 3 tickets for 7 pm tomorrow with a 30% discount.
Freddie, Kelly, Mike, Bob, Greg, Alan and Nancy are discussing what they are watching on Netflix.
Sonia and her friends are planning to go to San Sebastian in a month or so. Toni recommends the airbnb place she stayed in last year. She can get Sonia in contact with the landlady.
Malik and Samantha will try the keto diet together.
Derek and Phil had a busy day. Phil couldn't close any deal.
People are photoshopping Timothée Chalamet into artworks.
Peter has been busy at work lately. He's been working out to improve his health. He has a gym membership near his office. He exercises with weights and runs on the treadmill. Lisa thinks she should eat better to stay in shape.
Julia broke Tom's cup. She will buy him a new one.
The CSS tests are today. Don hasn't registered in their system yet, so he doesn't know if he has to fill out all the fields. The tests are supposed to last from 5 to 8 pm. Hank will take his kid. Don will wait and work on the computer.
Jessica bought a table, six chairs, a vase, a pile of clothes and a black dress for 70 euros at the second hand shop downtown.
Abigail and Damien are going to church on Sunday. Abigail reminds Damien to put on a coat and tie.
Desiree wants Lucian to keep her pasta in the microwave. Lucian hasn't cooked anything yet.
Doug loves his new shoes.
Tessa wants Chloe to stop texting her boyfriend Jim Andrews. They work together.
Emily, Kate and Marta will meet for a drink in Pub X at the central station at 5.30.
Anne and Jane went to La Perle and ordered a cheesecake with crushed nuts in the crust. Jane is allergic to peanuts.
Railey will buy Tiffany a burger on her way home.
Ariana is going shopping in Midtown. Aviana wishes she could go with her.
Jane is going to Value Village with her sister to buy Halloween costumes. Connor got his today.
Mary stayed at home today.
Tom and Jeffrey are a few meters away from Elena.
Sophia apologizes to Mason for sending him a kiss photo. Mason doesn't care whether Sophia looks good or not.
Steffen has twisted his ancle yesterday. Irene, Dan and Ben will give him a lift to the infinity pool.
Jake, Florence, Margot and Mike are going on a research trip to Eswatini.
Christine is not going to school tomorrow. She has the flu. Annie will drop Theraflu sachets through her letterbox later.
Jill called Sarah and sent her Bob's pictures. She doesn't want him back.
Peter starts the new job on the 6th. Aggie will get a babysitter.
Aimee is looking for Maryam. Soren doesn't know where she is. She might have gone somewhere with his father.
George, Robert and Paul are going to play basketball on Friday at 7 p.m. Yusuf will join half an hour later.
Mitch will drive to Croatia on Sunday, 29th. He will take Bill and Sammy with him. Rory will chip in for gas. Bill will arrive around 10 am on Sunday. Mitch will meet him after.
Angelina and Jones will meet today later in the afternoon in town.
Derek doesn't like Fergie's national anthem.
Pam will let Lauren know in the morning if she still needs her for tomorrow. Lauren had a good holiday and will tell Pam all about it tomorrow.
Harriette went ghost hunting once when she was in high school.
Jack can't get the application running. Kev will help him right now.
Angela will meet Dan at school later.
Shaldona and her fiancé are getting married. Shaldona sent Piper a mobile inviation for their wedding.
Ralph and Paula will meet with the new person in an hour.
Ania, Kasia, Jan and Zuzia are going to the church tomorrow to praise Mary the Queen of Poland.
Harry is waiting for Emma outside. She will be there in 2 minutes.
The Caspian Sea will have a special legal status. It's rich in resources, mainly gas and oil.
Joe's job is wearing him out. Tim's friend Terry quit because of it.
Judy and Denise are going to the new club at Regents Street on Saturday with Miranda and Helen. Natalie wants to join them.
Jamie, Marlo, Jimmy and Alex will make presentations in groups of 3-4 people per team. They will divide them into girls and boys.
Nora talked on the phone to John's math teacher. John is waiting for Theresa in the park.
Louis and Sara saw a huge crowd outside the book shop today. There was a new writer signing copies of his books.
Debbie doesn't know which dress to buy. Kelly and Denise advise her to buy the green one. Kelly is considering buying the red one for herself.
Emilia is still angry.
Mia will use Tom's credit card to buy a flight ticket.
Hugh has a toothache and needs a dentist urgently. Andy recommends Dr Smith at ProDent in the centre. Wade needs to go for a checkup too as he hasn't been to a dentist for ages.
Ella's mom won a hundred dollars in the lottery.
There was a car accident on Circle Drive. There were no deaths.
Bob is watching the game. He has no plans for the weekend except to run some errands, cook some food and go out for a few beers. Jim's birthday is next Wednesday, but he's going for a skiing trip with his family. He might organize a meetup with his friends at some bar this weekend. Rob will let him know if he wants to come.
Julie and Debra are going to meet up with 20 girls from the village over the weekend.
Mike had an accident on his motorcycle and broke his leg.
David had to babysit Ethan's sister. His phone was switched off, but he has just turned it on.
Conrad forgot his keys. Tiffany and Rebecca will be home at 10-11. Conrad will wait in the coffee shop.
There was a weird smell at Kasia's place last night.
Holly doesn't feel well and won't come tonight.
Ludmila's favourite dinosaur was Triceratops.
Josh and Sean are going to the pub tonight. Logan would like to meet some girls.
Indiana left his phone at Liam's place.
Claire wants to buy a dress for the wedding. Nicole and Maria advise her to do so.
Victor took over Chris's company. He sold off the office and accommodated them in his office. Chris is still working as Director. Victor's business is slow but he expects it to get better by the end of the year.
Patricia sends Elle the fair-trade brand she's been talking about.
Ethan didn't attend the part last night because he is in Los Angeles. He will be back in 3 or 2 days.
Stan is going to take her to Pat&Gill's today.
Abby met Miro yesterday at the party. Miro's father came to the US illegally from Albania in the early 1990s.
Julie watched a Japanese horror movie and is scared. Rose and Paula will come over to Julie's to drink cocoa and watch "when Harry met Sally" until they fall asleep.
Lucy's daughter is turning 15. Lucy doesn't know what to do.
Dan, Tim, Chris and Martin are going out on Saturday at 8. Tom can't make it due to a party at his in-laws.
Casey did her nails herself, but it took her 4 hours. She will do it again for Kristen and Amelia.
Sharol forgot about the sociology assignment. It's due tomorrow.
Half of the class at Helen's son's school is sick.
Tim hasn't seen mum today, because she's with Grace.
Caroline's boyfriend is 26 and his mother doesn't like her. She's his first girlfriend and she's jelous. He's an introvert and spends all the time at home with his mum and gramma.
Vincent broke his lamp with his bare hand. He ordered a new one and will pick it up on Tuesday.
Nestor wants to buy a new laptop as Black Friday is coming. Olaf sends Nestor a link to a website where people upload photos of the same product and its price 2 weeks before Black Friday and during the promotion. Nestor is going to the mall tomorrow to look for a good deal.
Vic prefers Facebook to Twitter. Phil prefers Twitter. Vic has never had an account on Tumblr.
Peter and Dan have seen a guy with dreads. Amanda is not convinced.
James will pick up the car tomorrow and pay for it. Sue will transfer the money in.
Jess is stuck in a traffic jam in West Bronx.
Dima's laptop is broken. Nada lent it to her brother. Dima will pick it up in an hour.
Kelly went to the pub after school and met more people from school. She told him a few words and he heard from her a bit.
Anne will invite Adele and Louise for Easter. Adele will bring eggs.
Peggy hasn't had her computer fixed yet, because she spends a lot of time using the library computers. They hope to have an answer tomorrow. Peggy will write if she needs to get a new one.
Jerry will be home in 40 minutes. Janet had a good day at work, but her boss can be a bit of a bitch sometimes.
Mark, Anna, George and Julia are going on a package tour. They are going to choose one of the cheaper options from a tour operator. They will divide themselves so that they don't check the same websites.
Alison accused Stanley of having an affair. He can't go for this weekend with her because of work. She disappeared from all the media and won't answer her phone. Stanley will talk to her when she's back.
Kimberly left the cafe yesterday with her mother's pink umbrella. Laura gives her the number to the cafe: 613-785-4329.
Catherine applied for an accounting position at Pandora. She will have an interview on Monday.
Anna will go with Fiona to the doctor tomorrow at 8 a.m.
Dan wanted to wash his hands and the pipe under the wash basin exploded. Andrea will write to the owner. Dan will do it himself.
Linda is cooking curry for dinner.
Matt feels his homestay parents don't treat him well because he stays at home too much and they have to pay more for electricity.
Ann thanks Katie for hosting Tim on Monday evening and for dropping him off at the railway station the next morning. Katie and Ann spent a week together 20 years ago in Saint Fargeau. Katie will send Ann's son a text to tell him where she wants to pick him up tomorrow.
Sharon's mum is angry, she's grounded and she's 19. She lives with her parents. Ahmed wants her to move in with him, but she has to go to work.
Rob finds today's memes either stupid or have no humour value.
Mike will refill the hand sanitizer by the restrooms.
Cheryl had an argument with her mother because she forgot to close the window when she was leaving home. Her mother kicked her out but gave her time till the end of the year.
David is landing at 17:30 at Sevilla. Victor will pick him up from the airport.
Ann will pay 200 dollars for the laptop. Josh has a bag and a small usb mouse. Ann will pick it up.
Sara will do the washing up when she gets back from the cinema with Jack.
Gary is driving for Uber and he's having a lot of fun. Ellie didn't expect him to enjoy it as he's not good at being around new people.
Leah sends Kristi a link with a 20% discount code on an online shop. Kristi needs new trainers. Leah will get some accumulated money for the shopping next time.
Steve will call Sue when he gets this.
A bear attacked a zoo. Megan always says you can't keep animals in cages.
Mick didn't get the confirmation from AES yet. Barbara did. Mick will call them.
Allison sent Alan a file with budget estimation for the current year instead of for the next year. The reason why the costs in the line "other expenses" were doubled was because the boss had to come back from Japan for the convention.
Liam and Nate will meet in 15 minutes.
Duncan wishes Carl all the best in this year's championship. Carl is using a 6 speed hydrolic shift gearbox in his Evo 10. Duncan and his family will attend the championship.
Dinny wants Terry to take his dog away before he comes.
Anastasia and Darrell took their new school photos. Anastasia needed a new one for her school ID.
Kim is going to Seoul in April with Jane, who will be their tour guide.
Aubrianna's friend's father died of malaria in kongo. Darien thinks it's dangerous for all people.
Josh lost his new sneakers last Tuesday. He thought he left them in the gym, but they were not found. He will try to check the swimming pool.
It's Valentine's Day. Bella and Aria don't have boyfriends. Aria will come to Warsaw as soon as she quits work.
Sutter is injured, so he can't go to the ball game tonight. The game starts at 8.
Daina needs to put her make up for about an hour.
Viola is feeling a bit light before the wedding. Carmen will help her on Friday night.
Madeline is not happy with Martin's requests and Jada's way of dealing with his problems. She had an argument with Alex today. They are going for a beer tomorrow.
Betty will check in on Mom and Grandpa.
William will prepare spaghetti alla vongole for dinner. He will cook pasta, garlic, wine and clams.
Maria, Alexander, Sarah and Lawrence are going to IMF lecture tomorrow at 17:15. They are due on Monday.
Molly has a free ticket to the Muse concert in Cracow. Anna will go with her. Hannah doesn't like Muse.
Tabby has two exams next week. Laura passed all exams but one. Tabby is not coming to Daisy's party on Saturday.
Becky and Trent have a new kitten named Coco. It took them 2 days to win her over.
Sosie will be at Kyra's flat apartment 187 in 5 minutes.
Ronnie's city uses three different bins: compost, recycle and trash. Recycle for paper, bottles, cardboard, plastic, metals and trash for organic matter. There are no more single use plastic bags in grocery stores and no more straws in restaurants.
Tina is still at work. She will call Adam when she gets home.
Natalie is pregnant. Dave is the father.
Nick will bring Steve some chicken for lunch.
Gemma wants to invite Timmy and his date to Lona and Michelle's wedding.
Millie is sick and won't come today.
Daisy wants Lisa to be back home before 11 pm.
Tina will be on the bus in 3 minutes.
William collected the quince from Noah's terrace and put it in a basket on his terrace. Sophie will talk to Frank and maybe to the twins about it. The twins will be coming from Notts tomorrow afternoon and passing Windfield. Sophie and Noah haven't seen their twins for ages.
Harry is going to Ikea. He will buy a table cloth 120 cm x 140 cm, two medium size wardrobe organisers (the ones with grey flowers), one wooden spatula and three bottle cleaners for Sarah.
Cindy is sad and doesn't want to talk about it. Ellie comforts her.
Nadia and Jannet had fun yesterday. They are going to the disco next time.
Jeff will bet 100 bucks that he will be the first one to drive Mark's new car.
Ann congratulates Sue and Julie on their success. Ann invites them for a celebration tonight.
Aunt is getting her hair cut today. Kathy is going to get it cut a bit shorter.
Mr. Benson is in Peru discussing a contract with a new client. He wants to talk to Claudia and Andy about their work while he's away.
Den's mother cried this morning. Jane thinks she needs to get out more and invites her for tea on Friday.
Ludo is in room 112 with Hugo and Charles in class 3.
Phoebe will open her door and pay the delivery guy.
Max's sister is studying in Shanghai. She thinks it's a good investment.
Russ hasn't read David's report yet. He will do it by midday. David will answer some emails.
Catherine and her family are going to visit uncle Steve. Ben doesn't want to go with them, because he doesn't like such visits. The boys want to see Ben, so he will visit them some other day.
Kaya is looking for Clay in Library. Clay is in the class room.
Sean won't be able to take the car to the carwash because he has to finish his report first. He and Alice will do it tomorrow.
Bert will be home around 8-ish. Julia will wait for him with the dinner.
Steve's new dishwasher has arrived and he's pleased with it.
Michelle is still researching an update that installs bugs on her computer.
Joy is coming back on Thursday.
Café Kohaku near Covent Garden is no longer open. Julia and Henry hope it will be reopened somewhere else. They went to the Lilly's instead.
Olivia hasn't looked at her accounts for a while. She has a few videos she needs to upload to YouTube. She doesn't do much post-production.
Emily has broken one of Linda's tea cups when she was cleaning the cupboards in the dining room.
Tom and Camilla are going to Dublin for 2 days this weekend.
Sandra is recovering from a disease. Stella wanted to visit her, but she didn't want to get infected by the disease. She will take Sandra to the cinema.
Harley and Ruby are shocked by the divorce filing. The guy was a serial cheater and the wife is taking him to the cleaners. He paid for everything yet still managed to buy her mom a house and take extravagant vacays.
Ken is stressed because of work, fighting with Brad and his mom. He is going to see a show on Saturday night and see the grandkids on Sunday at the zoo.
It's derby day today. Manchester United will win.
Dexter misses Addisyn. They haven't talked for a long time.
Jason was absent today. He had a dental appointment.
Don has a meeting with management board today at 2 pm in the conference room. Catering will bring some tea, coffee and snacks. Andy hasn't read the agenda yet. Don is going on a trip next week. He will stay at Hilton.
Samuel is at a joint in Laos. He ordered a joint and mushroom pizza.
Celia and Mike will go on holiday to Croatia.
Jasmine and Paola like Charlie Puth's new song. Paola also likes Galway Girl.
Jaz will visit Sharon on Sunday at 2.30 to sort out her roots.
Pete will be home for lunch in 20 minutes.
Kas will let Laura know if she can tidy up her dreads for her this weekend.
Jill and Ally can't do more than 3-4 hours of physical activity per day.
Professor Evans has an art exhibition opening tomorrow. James and Mia will go to the exhibition and to the cinema. They will meet at James' place afterwards.
Rita will go to the print shop tomorrow morning and let Arthur and Chae-yeong know if the texts for Stephen's seminar are ready.
Ost bought a garage place in the city center. Ost wants to rent it out and do the restitution of his money. Ost thinks that the prices of garage places in Belgrade will grow as the number of vehicles per family is growing.
Hania has been on the road for 3 hours. She will be in Zawiercie around 7 pm. Julia will pick her up from the platform.
Kaylee is blocking Gavin.
Lara is coming today.
Mazie and her friends are having a drink tonight. Lee doesn't like Sheryl. He spilled a drink on her.
Erin baked a cake. She wants to share it with Zachary, but he's busy cleaning the flat now.
Joseph had three job interviews in two days. The first two were ok, they seemed satisfied with his résumé. The third one was ok, but the woman there didn't seem to like him.
Sue wants Graham to send her some dates over for weekends in the Romford area. Louise wants him to focus on motorways.
Brett's cousin met his wife while playing World of Warcraft. Andrew's favourite RPG series is Final Fantasy.
Rael hates her job and wants to find a new one. Zach advises her to consider IT.
Susan went on a date. They went to a rollerskating disco.
Joe and his friends are going to watch Deadpool 2 tonight.
Euodia doesn't know what Tiktok is. Domigo advises her to try it.
Hugh has a new son.
Nathalie, Pauline and Jacob are going to Greece for a holiday in August. They have to be back by 10, because Jacob's sister is getting married.
Maria and Lori were supposed to meet at Prudential, but there is a traffic jam in front of Copley. Lori will be there in 5 minutes.
Marta thinks Jay is a pathological liar because he keeps talking about how he has all this money and travels all over the world. He lives in a studio apartment on the outskirts of town.
Chuck and Ally don't know what they're going to do for New Year's. Telly is hesitating about going to Luke's party. There's also a party at Bernie's.
Karen passed.
Bunny advises Gill to make his own peeling.
Ryan is visiting his family in Manchester. Chris stayed at home with Ann for the first time.
Bruce's crowdfunding campaign has reached over 6000 dollars.
Liam will pick Kane up at 8.
Kate had a fight with Chris. She is angry every time she talks to him. She doesn't know why he keeps saying certain things. She tries to talk to him but he doesn't listen. He thinks Mexican children are worse and that they should be kept away from the US.
Celine went skating with Mark for the first time.
Sarah and Lia are going to the Negev for Passover. Lia's family wants her to join them, but the tickets are expensive and she has a lot of work. Sarah bought her tickets yesterday for 500 quid. She's flying on the 28th.
Gene sent a package to Jack on Friday. Jack hasn't received it yet.
Miranda has to work 20 hours a day. She wants to cancel tomorrow's meeting with Stephanie.
Blake will wait for Clara and Jenny on the platform at fabro-ficule.
Charlotte and Raymond will have pizza and pasta. Charlotte will come over in 15 minutes and bring wine.
Zack watched a couple of episodes of the new Jersey Shore season. The cast consists of Snooki, J-Wow, Pauly D, Ron, The Situation, Deena and Vinny.
Will is standing in a long line at the post office in order to send a letter in the XXI century.
Ella and Serena didn't like the new club in Cork.
Margaret and Peter are hesitating about going to Sweden for a week in January. Kai advises them to visit the Vasa Museum.
Avril and Frank are going to see horse racing at the weekend.
Mair will bring Adam and Xander to Multisports at half 10 tomorrow.
Ethan is sore after yesterday's meeting. Ethan usually goes to the gym only once a week, but this week he has trained every day. Ethan and Ray will meet at 8 pm at Ray's place. Ethan has to pick up the kids.
Diana is going to a hip-hop workshop in a week. Frann will join her.
Pam lost her iphone. There is an option to display something on the screen if the phone is found.
A guy got beaten and mugged on campus. The assailant had a mask on. The victim is in the hospital.
Nathan and Deborah are going on a trip tomorrow. Nathan is seeing the dentist after work. Deborah will pick up the girls from school and they will meet at home for a quick bite. Nathan will buy the syrup for travel sickness on his way home.
Casper, Alexander and Igor don't want to go for tomorrow's classes with Mr Linda, because they find his voice boring and hypnotic. They will go somewhere else instead.
Judie's girlfriend had a 1000 euro tattoo done in Warsaw ink. Javier wants to get a tattoo back in Colombia.
Sam and Jessica are coming to the hotel on the 15th of August around 2 p.m.
Marsha, Mohammad, Cynthia and Gavin are going to Madagascar for a week. John found a nice hotel in Nosy Be.
Cyprien was born in Jarrow and lives in London now. He was educated in Loughborouogh, so in a sense he came from there. In another sense he comes from the atoms in the air that he breath or the food he eats.
Joanna needs to get the stains out of her ecru dress. Ethel recommends a cheap dry-cleaner at Jagiellonska 3.
Charlie doesn't want to have a pizza with Anna and Charlie is still upset about all the things that happened.
It's very cold outside. Ovi doesn't want to go anywhere, but he has to go to work. Jason has been running around the city all day in the cold. Nadine is getting lots of sick patients at her clinic.
Leticia lost her wallet and needs 10$. Miranda and Lora will lend her the money.
Paula will get the paper from the office tomorrow. The deadline for the application is Friday at noon.
Ben and Steven will have pizza at Marco's tonight.
Daniel took Terry's money. Terence found it, he had put it somewhere else last month.
Lucy has not thrown the garbage out as per parents order.
Willy wants to borrow a red Mustang from Vinny. They will car pool together a couple of days a week.
Lindsey has just finished her class. She wants to go for another class also, because earlier she asked another girl to put her name on the attendance list instead of her.
Dory's friend is coming over the day after tomorrow. She will stay for around a week. Jason and Lucy have been working on the movie for 2 months. Jason bought the app in which to video and to edit and Lucy has written a script.
Jared wants to ask Kelly out. Michelle doesn't want him to.
Dodson and Trish want to go to the seaside for winter break. Reeve and Booker prefer mountains.
Zayna and Alex will meet for a drink at 8 pm at Zayna's place.
Grace didn't talk to Audrey at the party last night. Grace is graduating soon and considering applying for grad school. She also considers taking a year off.
Monica sends Natalie the recipe for her famous cheesecake.
Ethan will send Dixie Jason's phone number in a minute.
Amanda doesn't like the actress who plays the main character in "Parks and Rec". She will give the show another try.
Bob bought a game and wants to play it with Harry, but Harry has no money to spend on it.
Randal bought everything except the nail polish. He doesn't know which one to buy. The shop assistant is looking at him weird.
Pat is not a soccer fan, but he likes baseball and hockey. Pat and Mike want to meet up one day to play basketball.
Nate and Julie are overbooked for the first day dinner. Nate has to create a new file and feed the data into the tables himself.
Farrah shared her fossil collection with the class. She will come back again to share her collection with Enrique's 4th grade students.
Zoey and Thomas are in the tropics. On Sunday they had a walk around the summit of Belchen. The temperature is -3 at night and -3 in the morning.
Trinny, Susannah and Linda will meet at 6 at the main entrance.
Emma and Peter are going to Amiens tomorrow. Daniel is fed up with Paris. They will meet at Emma's place at 9 am.
There is a 10% discount code for new customers when they checkout. The most popular colors are Red and Gray.
Hugh will make the pizza quickly and put it in the oven.
The next ASEEES conference will probably take place in San Francisco. The last conference in 1993 was criticised for the high costs of travelling to the place.
Finn's package has left the warehouse and will be delivered to him tomorrow.
Rhonda will send Precious the content for the November email blast on Dropbox.
Tommy will lend Derek McCarthy an Android cable. Tommy's wife will give it to him at 8:15 pm.
Judy will feed Derek's animals on Friday and Saturday. Derek will give her his keys on Thursday.
Laura, Kelsey and Sid are going to see Aquaman on Thursday at 8:10 pm. Oona will buy the tickets for them.
Rob wants to start Get off the couch challenge. He wants to do 30 minutes of physical activity every day. Greg and Will advise him to do more than 60 minutes a day.
Bennett and Cynthia are going to a new hipster bistro.
Lorenzo has just arrived in Tuscany. Will is on the train in Arezzo. Amanda is still on the highway. Lorenzo will take the keys from the guy on airbnb and go to the room.
Walker will bring his Xbox console with him.
Laura's mother passed away this morning. Kristian and Anne will visit her.
The cafes by the river got damaged with the flods. The cost to repair them is high. Keith and Adam miss going there.
Ana and Katy are going to see a film by Lola Arias at Ana's place on Saturday at 7. Ana invites Carlton to join them.
John likes reading Bristol Stool Scale in the morning. Henry had a nice poop this morning, but he's never really constipated, so he doesn't want to put it on his Tinder profile.
Mary and Patricia are flying to Japan in a week. They are afraid of the long flight, earth-quakes and tsunamis. James tries to calm them down.
Linda won't be able to do any gardening before leaving.
Drade's brother left the group chat room because Drade said something wrong. Drade will apologize and send the invitation to him.
Kate broke her arm and has to go to the hospital. Greg advises her to call Linda or ask someone at the reception to find out if their insurance covers hospital costs.
Charlie's sister has just passed her last exam on her university. Frank will go out with them tonight.
Bella will come over to Clara's after 7:30 to have a drink and talk about something.
Jose and Amanda wish each other Merry Christmas and a happy new year. They are looking forward to the summer and going to Cuba, Mexico and Thailand in 2019.
Susan and Rob will have dinner together after work tomorrow.
Denise has to do units 2 and 3 for tomorrow's test.
Sharon loves the lamps and hangers Steph bought at Ikea.
Anna will call Peter in 20 minutes.
Jesse wants to borrow Stig's razor, but he broke it.
Patrick has changed his phone number to +44 7700 900077.
Lucy just came back from work. Uncle Sam is in hospital, but it's nothing serious. Yvonne is dating an Argentinian.
Thomas will buy butter on Jack's request. Jack is making a mushroom soup.
Debbie will bring Helen her laptop as she forgot to take it to work. Helen has a presentation today.
Jessica got a plant for her birthday, but it's dying. Boston looked it up on Google.
John lost his job in Germany. He was offered a new job in London, but he didn't accept it. Amber will have to look for a new flat. Annie can stay with her until she finds a new one.
Vicky, Ludovica, Greg, Audrey, Michelle and Ryan are meeting at Fratellis at 7.30 pm.
Kaylin and Amir don't feel like tomorrow. Kaylin has set three alarms just in case.
Lois is considering deleting both wildangel3 and wildangel4 from her account. Keira's sister has been grounded for the month.
Natacha will pick Charles up at the RER station Vesinet around 5:30 pm.
Simon didn't hear Helen calling him because he was on the phone. Simon will fetch Helen some tissues.
There is a blizzard outside. It reminds Ricky of a time when he was hiking in the mountains. Tom went hiking with 5 or 6 friends a couple of years ago. They rented a cabin in the wild.
Maggie and Lucy are going to the gig together. They are meeting at 6 pm at Lucy's house.
Rose and Jake are going to buy Christmas gifts tomorrow.
Jake thinks it's a good idea to buy things that will serve you longer. Martha saw a documentary about minimalism gurus and she's mixed about it.
Albert passed his driving exam for the fourth time.
Jaya hasn't seen Ravi's mother in the club for almost 4 months. His mother has been suffering from arthritis for almost 5 years and the doctor has asked her to restrict movement.
Lynn thinks it's not worth it to have sex with some old wrinkled guy to pay her bills. Steviee and Wilbur are laughing at Lynn's joke.
Alice has been sick with the flu for 10 days. She hasn't taken the vaccine.
Sandra left Millas present at Marco's place yesterday. Marco will bring it over.
Mum will get something to eat for Steve.
Zariah has a backache almost every day recently.
James and Hannah will meet on Saturday at 8.
Rachel and Caron are going for a drink to Red Lion at 8.
Victor is busy this Saturday and can't help with the event Sara is organizing.
Dave wants to hit on Wendy, but Mike warns him off as Jerry is her lover.
George will call Patricia in an hour or so.
Mario has landed in every airport in Europe today. He's waiting in Luxembourg now.
Lena and Brian don't like their new professor. They don't want to do the homework. They will see each other tomorrow at philosophy class.
Booth was at the local theatre the other day. It was cool and cheap. Elvin got invited.
Callum is a little busy.
Jacob needs to hurry up as the buses are about to leave.
Molly met up with Chuck on Friday, but he made a story up about it.
Sally and Rita like Borns' new album "God Save Our Young Blood" and "Faded Heart". Florence's new single will be released tomorrow.
Gloria is too poor for her lifestyle. Her therapy is expensive. She made sushi and tiger prawn korma.
Haley found a photo of Bella when she was a kitten. Bella is now middle-aged but still adorable.
This Christmas at Wall Street was the worst since the end of the 19th century. People in Peter's bank are calm. Miranda and Peter think the global economy will get weaker in the early 2020s.
Alexa asked Ethan to insult Hunter because she was jealous. Alexa and Hunter will talk about it tomorrow.
Ann will be home at 7.
Lorenna can't come to the party tomorrow because Emma has a fever and she needs to take her to the doctor. She will stay at home with her for a few days.
Iga had planned a weekend getaway with her boyfriend, but he couldn't talk his group into changing the date of the presentation. They haven't been sitting together since Monday.
Samuel and Tim are talking in Telugu, a language spoken in South east India. Samuel is 35 and Tim is 55.
Jen wants pear yogurt. Pete will have a look around if they don't have it.
Eve, Charlie and Nicole are meeting at the entrance.
Jenkin will bring Sophie her spirit animal cards tomorrow.
Daisy is sending Scarlett her RGS application.
Katie and Christie are tired after the party.
Sam and Carla will meet at Meanwood cafe at 2 pm tomorrow.
Lily needs to rent a pop corn machine for the office Christmas party. Daniel will check if he knows anyone who rents them.
Louis doesn't know what to buy Lilly and Stephen for the wedding.
Chris tried jogging today. It was his first time in a while. Matt is taking medication that slows his heart rate. Matt used to play football and his first performance after a long break was always spectacular.
Eric thinks the second season of Punisher was better than the first one. He also thinks they should have given Jigsaw more scars. Netflix discontinued Daredevil.
Geri and Hilary will go together to the mall tomorrow to check out some shoes and get some frozen yogurt.
The top management is coming from France next week. Jacob got an invitation via Outlook to the meeting. There is a formal dress code required.
Joana and Sandy will play dixit or carcassonne.
Jenny, Jeremy and Joan are going to the concert on Saturday. They will start with a drink. The concert is on 8th Avenue, Barcelona.
John and Matt will have a practice today.
George and Blake are coming.
Steve and Rob are going to listen to the new Dream Theater album.
Martin will buy two litres of milk for Alex.
Jeremih's sister is mad at him. Hansel will tell her.
Joy sends Peter a link to her beauty shop.
Josh spent New Year's Eve with his friends. Emma went to the seaside and visited a few clubs. She had her beer jacket on.
Andy will be working late until 4. He will be there by 8.
Shari and Stewart are unhappy with the way the president is running the country. They want to vote him out.
Lydia added a guy on Facebook and he accepted her invitation. He is now engaged to another girl. Camila thinks Lydia should talk to him as they work in the same company.
Daria got a new job at a law firm.
Sarah is too low on the totem pole to take time off. Boris will give her first choice of dates the week after. Sarah will amend her request for the following week, Monday through Wednesday.
Blair and Chuck are meeting the wedding planner after work at Nonna Rita's. Chuck wants to order their seafood tagliatelle.
Ruth hasn't responded to the email Alan sent her. The email has an attachment. Ruth has just opened the attachment.
Oscar and Payne will meet for a coffee at Tristano's in half an hour.
Frank and Hope love each other.
Gina sent Luke a photo of the parrot she painted yesterday. She needs to send him a PDF file to get better quality.
Tina and Steve will meet in the car park to do the shopping together after work.
Rudi and Henrietta are shocked by what Donald Trump said about a congresswoman.
Luis doesn't want to talk to his roommate Cole even though they are in the same room.
Daniel passed his driving license exam.
Samuel Anderson and Katherine Jackson won't come to the individual meetings tomorrow.
Rosie is not feeling well today.
Veronica doesn't speak French, so Ty needs a translator.
A nun and a blind crazy man are waiting for Emily at the doctor's.
Lisa, Sarah and Mary are going to take him to the Aquarium. Frank will help them.
Conor is out with some friends from college. Conor will bring Mario a bucket of fries from KFC.
Ditty came back last night. Inga didn't want to wake Ditty up this morning, because she has some mail for him. Andy was emptying Ditty's letter box and Inga collected a parcel for him before Christmas. Hans is away today, so Inga will be home around 6 pm. Ditty will collect the parcel.
Damian is happy for the team of Huddersfield. Jacob and Mason didn't watch the game.
The diamond is in Kenya. Joe doesn't have money to buy tickets for the event. Jay will lend him the money. Jay has convinced Ruth and Paulette to accompany him.
Robyn drank too much last night. She is feeling better today.
Aaron has a connecting flight in Cairo and might leave the airport for a few hours to pass the time. Adam hasn't been to Egypt.
Gino is unsure about his outfit. Renee advises him to wear black trousers, black shirt and brown shoes.
James will pick up Richard at 6:15.
Caleb sent Ella a photo of Maya's costume for a school play. Ella can't open it.
Marco will sign the attendance form when he arrives so everyone knows he was there.
Josh will pick Michelle up at 7 tomorrow night to go to the movies.
Yaz and Tania are meeting in a pub on Friday at 8.
Anna studies a lot and finds it hard to make sense of it all. Jerry tries to look for the positives in everything.
Jacks has played on the Bulls Eye poker platform several times and made a few bucks on it. He sends Robin some tips and tricks.
Sergio is nervous about giving a speech at Ulrich's wedding.
Edward and Lauren don't want to go on the business trip tomorrow. The boss is coming with them. They are going to an expo.
Robert is meeting Darek at 5 pm, but he will be around at 3 pm. Gabriel quit the office about a month ago. Gabriel is at home looking into what to do next.
Susan's presentation was a disaster. Becky has a fever. Tom will pick her up and take her to his mother's house.
Leo and Ethan are going to see Solstafir at 21.11 on Wednesday. Noah might have to stay longer at work.
Marleen will be leaving in half an hour to go to town. She will buy a yellow kerchief for Rita. Barry will give her 50/50 on the choice.
Johnatan, Darren and Lucas will meet for a beer in the evening.
Zandra's daughter's birthday party is tomorrow. The cake is not ready yet. Erwin will deliver it by bike. Zandra has to make decorations. Tricia is taking care of the food and outside attractions.
Laura didn't get any replies. Sarah is on an island called Linate. Laura and Raf are staying at the same hotel.
Adam has an exam in 10 minutes. Dave and others are nervous about it.
Paul will be home later than he thought. He will call Lena in 15 minutes.
Bob and Nigel like Felix Laband. Nigel went to his concert in Paris last night.
There was a cat on the pitch at Goodison.
Ewan graduated.
Daniel, Matt and Brian are going on a trip to Bosnia and Herzegovina. Michael reminds them to bring their passports.
Ross and Chandler are going to do karaoke tonight. Chandler will record it.
Poppy and Harry prefer Lisbon. Poppy doesn't like parties. Harry likes sightseeing.
Gyle will come home to see what happened yesterday.
Kate's presentation was very good. Only 3 people came to listen to it.
Barbara invites Sean and Zac over. They will stay overnight.
Quinn and Kyle are going out tonight after school. Quinn has GCSES. Kyle is working for his uncle Kev at the building site. Quinn hates school. Kyle will ask his brother for some vodka and cigarettes. Quinn and Kyle will meet outside the club at 6.
Dick and his partner are interested in buying an apartment in building 32/3. Frank will come and see it in 30 minutes. Dick will put 10% down as a down payment and Frank will do the renovations.
The movie starts at 9 pm. Steven and Mia will meet at 8 pm for Chinese food.
Marshall can't go out tonight because he has no money. Lilly will come over and watch Netflix with him.
James is out of the team because of the coach. He has already texted him.
Priscilla bought the Microsoft Office software for her new laptop online. Stu's IT friend, Alex, downloaded Open Office and some other programs and put them on a CD.
Rita wants to know more about Helen's client Salvage Industries. Helen will double check if they have any PR problems.
Ginger will come to Phylis to get some sugar for her pie.
Anthony and Andrew will go for a beer around 9. In the evening Anthony is taking his lady for a date.
Jill is bored and needs to find a job. Nate will call her after work.
Jake has just pulled his first TOTW this year. He will try him out in one or two matches before selling him.
Victoria and Rosemary want to record the drums, but they don't have a working laptop. Victoria has a tablet with 2gb ram, but it doesn't have all the necessary software. Rosemary will get back to her later with some ideas.
Jordan got a Thomas the Tank engine birthday card and £20 from Cass.
Jane will be 10 minutes late. She forgot to take the file with the xerox copies. Alex will be waiting for her by the left entrance.
Ken is depressed and stressed out today. Ellen is worried about him.
Phil got a card from Deana. Constantine was very happy. Deana found Adrian's sunglasses in the very back of her car.
Alice's dad is coming over for a month to decorate Jo's place. Kim and Alice will meet on Friday after 8 pm.
Jessica has been to Palermo in Italy. She tells Kelly about the Capuchin Catacombs with 8000 corpses.
Spencer has a lot of commissions. He works 16 hours a week at a cafe and the rest of the week on his illustrations. He earns around £1000 a month before commission and tax. Maria works at a call centre. She wants to start freelancing next year.
Tim invites a few people from work over for a newbie gaming evening. Joe gives him some tips on what games to bring.
Richard and Anne have a project due on 15 December. Holy is out of town, but she will do some research tonight and send them back to Richard and Anne. They will meet at Starbucks at 3 pm tomorrow.
Gurdun is feeling a bit better, but still a bit weak. Russ had flu three months ago. Russ won the last match.
Leo sends Charlie and Oliver a video. Oliver finds it weird. Charlie finds it too funny.
Mummy and Thessalia wish each other a happy Christmas.
Samara wants to play with JP, but he has to go to work.
Michael can't leave the office before 8 pm today. He will call Tom tomorrow.
Kevin will buy Dan a sandwich on his way to work.
Simon and Charlie are discussing the current political situation in Europe. They both agree that Poland is one of the last countries unspoilt by uncontrolled migration and terrorism.
Tilly had a detention at school. She will be home for about 40 minutes.
Gloria and Mell will have a BBQ at Mell's place on Saturday. Gloria will do the food and drinks.
Whitney will take Hailey to I-max cinemas on the day Aqua man is released. Shadrack and his girlfriend will accompany them.
Jacob got a punchbag for Christmas. Jenny got training shoes. George got a cooking pot. His wife wants him to help her in the kitchen.
Lincoln broke Hudson's toilet seat. Hudson will try to replace it with a new one.
Katherine is going to bring her around 11. Kayla finishes at 11.
Martin will help Lorena tomorrow with assembly instructions for her new desk.
Ralph asked Everett to give him Amy's phone number.
Ross has to work about 2 hours tonight. Ross and Diane will just chill at home.
Ed tells Valerie, Chris, Lor, Atnee, Jessica and Matt that sex is a sinful endeavour.
Cristina and Gaya will meet at Gaya's studio next week to discuss the shoot.
Matt, Tony and Phil are going to see Bon Jovi in Warsaw next July. The tickets are very expensive, but the cheapest ones start from PLN 250.
Dan split the food from the BBQ equally. There are no leftovers for Ken, Ashley, Vicky, Gerardo, Eric and Sara.
Harper and Camila are going to watch Ugly Truth and eat a meal from the restaurant they talked about last time.
Harry will be late. Half of the guests are already here. Michael and Vanessa are on their way, Peter is stuck in a traffic. There was a serious accident.
Callan has a problem with his Samsung S8. It overheats and then it takes a while for it to restart again. Callan is going to the store to have it checked. It's still under warranty.
Mike is in London.
Andrea can't come to work today because her son is sick and she needs to take him to the doctor.
Phil is in the shop. He will be home in an hour. Nancy will make an apple pie.
Bryan's manager will send the payment to Piper tonight.
Pogba's strike was a reward for Jose's trust in him.
Sybille has problems with her son's online registration for the flight AF3581 from Minneapolis to Paris the 29th. He couldn't get his flight yesterday, so she asked for it to be postponed. The flight is operated by Delta Airlines. Sybille's son is stuck in the US with no options for coming back. Air France offers him a new departure on flight DL140.
Natalia, Harriet and Lara will book the flight today.
Hans wants Slade to come to the practice now and bring the ball.
Holt wants to buy his 21-year-old sister a set of DVDs and some cosmetics for her birthday.
Roxana and Summer advise Georgia to buy it.
Miley doesn't want to go to work tomorrow.
Greg is coming to BG for a business trip. He will stay at Nina's. Nina will pick him up from work.
Amal likes Beyonce's tweet.
Alexa hasn't seen the last America's Got Talent. She likes the girl and thinks she might win the edition.
Kelly still hasn't received the rent money. John sent it to the wrong account. John will ask the bank to re-send the money to the right account tomorrow.
James is going to work.
Lilian's phone battery died, so she called her parents and told them she's at Helen's place.
Barbara asked Freddy to sing at the school concert on Friday. Simon can't find time to practice. Freddy will send him three tracks of songs he likes to sing.
Tommy got home alright. His mum didn't pick him up from the station, so he had to take a bus. He liked the weekend. Wayne will send him the pictures in the evening.
Tobias and Trevor will meet at 9 at Tobias's place for a beer.
Autumn hasn't checked the tests for a month because the dress wouldn't sew itself. She will show Israel the photos of the dress soon.
Frances just came back from the Vosges. She had a great time and didn't spend much money. She cooked and had meals in a local.
Paula hates the game with super hard levels. She can't get past 637. She will look for cheat codes online.
Bethany doesn't want to apply for a job as a computer investigator.
Jackie's sister got pregnant and she's worried about her health. Jackie's brother-in-law earns a lot of money but he doesn't have any debt.
Sean is not going to the lecture tomorrow morning. Joseph is going but it's a nightmare. Mike, Joseph and Sean all make notes and they are going to share them with Sean.
Anna has a terrible stomach ache. She ate cereal with milk and a banana for breakfast. Joanna is in her room. Anna will get her a hot tea.
Ziggler will bring his passport tomorrow.
Jeff and Kate are in the little room next to the reception. There is a woman making a cake in the small room under the stairs. The cake has a penis on it.
Kirsten is going to ask Jamie and John for their opinion on insurance. Larry and Kirsten are going to put a menorah in the lobby next year.
Chloe is going to Megan's house tonight. Lesley wants her to take the dog for a walk. Chloe will come home and let the dog out.
Tobias found Natalie's wallet in her room.
Phil is on his way from one client to another. Rob needs to talk to Phil in person, but Phil is out of town. Phil will be in Rob's office tomorrow morning.
Martin is asexual. He wants to break up with Nicole, but she doesn't want to give it a try.
Mike woke up with an allergic reaction.
David wants to get a new tattoo but doesn't know what to get. Mike will go get one with him.
Olivia will buy some fresh tomatoes and chocolate for the spaghetti.
There are a lot of vans blocking the road from the swimming pool to Waitrose. Peter is not leaving until 6 at the earliest, because he has to finish a presentation for the repairs team tomorrow. Eileen wanted Peter to do it.
Nick and Matt don't know what internet connection they have. Matt needs it for the application. Nick usually uses his mobile service. Nick will let Matt know.
Baron, Gabriel and Gavin are going to a match next week.
Mia, Jennifer, Peter and Karine are critical of Donald Trump. They think he's not as senile and stupid as they'd like to believe and that he's trying to shake the world's order.
Madison saw an offer for Thailand. Children under 12 get 50% off the tickets.
Tina is attracted to Patrick. Demi likes men too, but she worked hard to change her attitude towards them.
Freddie wants to visit Winnie, but Nanna has broken her leg and he will have to visit her instead.
Mark, Clint and Phil are going to see 'Batman: New Beginning' this Saturday at 7.
Betty has mould in her spare bedroom upstairs and in the dinign room. Andy will send her a detailed quote for the work by Friday.
Warren locked the door.
Claire and Aaron are going to a conference about relations at school in Sesame Street. Aaron is giving two lectures and serving as a host. Jo is having a workshop on teamwork.
Rob wants to sell his flat. He moved in a year ago and it's too small for him and his partner to have a baby. Rob is seeing a friend who's relocating to another city and offers a good price.
Evan talked to Ethan about the function. Ethan might not come. Evan will try to make him come.
Daisy is in Naples. She took a ferry early in the morning yesterday. She will be there from 1-5 September. Charlie wants to meet her again. He will take a train to Florence.
Adele is still listening to the song that Kode recommended her. Kode will give Adele the whole album in USB.
Ian broke up with Claire 1,5 years ago.
Violet is going on vacation and is looking for a good waxing salon. She has a problem with ingrown hairs.
Suzy asks Linda to follow her on Instagram.
There is a trade deadline today. John would like to get Lamar Jackson, but he has to wait for RGIII and Brock to play. Rick thinks the QB rule doesn't work. John might have a way to change it after the season.
Amelia's mother was on a diet and she gained 5 pounds.
Carrie has just seen Fantastic Beasts and Gina saw it last week. Gina liked Eddie Redmayne as Newt. Alex wants to see it this weekend, but he's seen some bad reviews.
Emily's favourite colour is blue.
Mary moved to Southampton in December.
He got fired and thrown out of school.
Alex likes the flash because it opens up the whole multiverse for Batman.
Marek found a nice piece of ass on the escalator in the shopping mall.
It's supposed to rain so Daniel and Mark won't go to the river bank parties tonight. They will go for drinks to Daniel's place as his sister is visiting.
Bart bombed his economy final and ended up with a bad score. He didn't study as much as he should have. Adrian didn't do that bad this semester. Bart is not going to play games during school anymore.
Margot bought a bottle of wine for Nancy's birthday. Yvonne hasn't bought anything yet.
Lindsay and Finlay came to Elliot's birthday party.
Jennifer, Jack and Reece will watch "Mad Max" on Netflix tomorrow evening.
Sean's spirit animal is a tortoise.
Mary has just given birth to a baby girl.
Patti's cat is fine. Patti will pick her up from the vet's at 5.
Kate is at the grocery store. She will buy an apple and a tangerine for George.
Sam is interested in the earphones Lia sells. He wants to have them delivered to him through courier, but the product can only be collected in Garstang. The earphones are new and cost £187.
Meghan and Mary will wear red dresses and bright red lipstick.
Emilly will lend Kate her blue handbag on Friday.
Gina will come to Monica's office to get a free usb.
Nathan wants to buy a bike in spring. He doesn't want to keep it in the hallway, because people who do that annoy him. He has already bought a stationary bike, so he can be in shape during winter. His goal for the summer is 100 kilometers.
Parker and Jason like DC Universe better than Marvel Universe. Jason has downloaded the latest episode of Arrow season 7 and will text Parker when it's ready.
Michael is travelling a lot. He's been to Argentina, Brazil and Chile. He'll be in Boston next weekend. He wants to leave London and look for a new job abroad. Kai has a conference on the 8th of December.
Jacob will pick up the fruits from Carol's garden on Wednesday at 6 pm.
Molly can't think today. It's the silly season.
Janette has mice in her kitchen.
Lawrence will be done with the article in a few minutes. Madison needs it by today.
Julia's parents are having a fight over where to eat. She doesn't want to eat with them anymore. She will call Ronald when she gets back.
Guido doesn't understand Agata's posts on Facebook because he doesn't know anything about Java. Agata enjoys her new job and doesn't complain about it.
Alejandro and Luz are going to meet for the first time in 2 weeks. Luz will be there on 20th December at 4 PM. Alejandro will pick her up.
Sam started the career mode in FIFA 19. It's different from the one in 18.
Ethan will buy a kebab for himself and Damian.
Adam's flight has been rescheduled and he will be there in less than 24 hours. It's been half a year since Adam's last visit.
Matthew has a cold. Lisa advises him to drink orange juice and make soup.
Joyce can't take the car because the car is making a weird noise. Kyle will get Harry by bus as he's already running late.
Bailey has a lot of fabric in her closet. Mikaela had to buy a box of it at Ikea.
Susan and Toby spent a romantic weekend at the seaside. They stayed in a 4-star hotel near the beach. Toby proposed and Susan said yes. Melissa will send Susan some photos.
Olivia is having fun with her grand daughter Linta. Eva is leaving for a party in an hour. Olivia will leave her with her for a day and bring her a bottle of milk.
Jack will be 10 minutes late. Laura will wait inside.
Melissa is not ok with men acting like pigs and grabbing you whenever they feel like it. Hailey had a friend yelled at by a girl for 5 minutes because he held the door for her and said “Ladies first”.
Zoe sends Frank a video.
Josie doesn't like Eco's "Foucault's Pendulum". She read Salman Rushdie's review of Pendulum and he said it's not a novel, but rather a computer game.
Evan has the flu and has been off college since Tuesday. He cancels his lesson with Dennis for next Thursday.
Amanda is going to a free concert in the city park tonight at 9 p.m. Patrick and Camille will join her.
Bobby is annoyed by pharmaceuticals, medicine and drugs. He was watching a film last night and there was a commercial of mints as medical products. Mickey believes the pharmaceutical industry has been lying to the public for a long time.
Dave sends Greg his notes from statistics.
Mark is going out. Sally doesn't feel well. Mark will pick her up.
Joy and Sandy are going for a date on Friday evening. They are meeting at 11 am.
It's raining. Val and Candy will wait half an hour to see if the rain stops.
Ted kept the plasters from his shower till this morning.
Lily will call Kyle in 10 minutes on Facetime.
Taylor is throwing a party tomorrow at 8 PM at his house. His parents are away.
Sierra and Jeremy haven't received the grant yet. Tomas is broke and checking his bank account every hour.
Charles and Camilla are going to visit the German markets in Birmingham and Manchester this weekend. They will have sausages, beer and mulled wine.
Zoe and Xiara didn't apply for the RGS grant last year. Pamela will have a look at the website.
Ava is 158 cm tall, which is shorter than penguins.
Ursula got a 93 on her French exam. Jana and Vaughn got 65.
There was an emergency at school today, but it turned out to be a drill.
Perry, Marlow and Forster want to go on holiday to Asia in September, but they need to check the weather and everything first. They will meet tomorrow at 8 pm over beer and talk.
Lee has been working at a company for almost 5 months and this is the first time he has seen a client manager in a proper dress shirt and a suit jacket. Lee is scared and confused. Lee pre-purchased RoS CE in a temporal break of his brains.
Boris will bring Maya the clothes that are hanging outside.
Barry, Jake, Dave and Kelly are going to march in the Women's strike. They will meet around the campus at noon.
Laurel and John will meet at Jade's collection at around 5 pm tomorrow to buy a birthday gift for Diana.
Rachel has a new siamese cat named Portia. Portia doesn't like Rachel's allergies to cats. Rachel is taking medication.
After the wedding there is going to be an after party at Mark's house. Kristina and Matthew are going there.
Russel and Diana are going to buy a present for mum.
Amy looks serious at all times. Neither Owen nor Neil have talked to her. Penny and Owen want to meet Amy in person.
Rachel and Wai will meet at 4 at the main entrance of the museum. They will go to some bar afterwards. Rachel is new to the organization. She doesn't know what she's supposed to do.
Jack insults Tom. Robert is not in town.
Dorothea has a birthday today. She is going to meet Tom and they are going to eat something in the town. Elena wishes her all the best and invites her to Dorothea's party on Saturday.
Jules and Derek don't have class tomorrow.
Ainsley can't help Jane with her thesis, because she has a cold.
Lydia's legs are getting better after months of working out.
Amka is doing a lot of student exchanges. She is going to a club with her friends for Halloween. Mick is not going to London with his grandparents as his grandma is ill. Amka never used to do anything for Halloween in Poland.
Karine and Jessie were at kindergarten.
Cael hasn't finished the dress yet. Mae hopes to have it soon.
Fiona is in love with her student Conrad. Conrad is 5 years younger than Fiona. Wanda thinks Fiona should do something about it.
Tim, John and Alice are worried about the situation in Kongo.
Margaret and Evans will meet on the 4th and 11th of December around 10:00 or 11:00. On the 18th, if Evans is not in town, they might meet on 17th.
Bradley is busy at work and can't talk to Joanne right now.
Pete will be home in 1 hour.
Iris is trying to remove herself from an expense. Luke, Ken, Gerardo and Julia help her.
Ola will be free by 8. Kurt will call her.
Conny has to write a paper for Mr. Fitz. Conny did most of her research on the Internet. Fitz suggests Conny to go to the library.
Louis and Archie think Melanie looks like Melanie when she had curly hair.
Carly and Carly are laughing at her.
Kirsten is going bowling with her youth group this Friday at 7 pm.
He's looking at Sam when she doesn't see him. Cathy thinks he likes her. Sam will talk to him tomorrow.
Jess had a dream about a lion tamer and a circus owner. Lynn and Charlie think dreams reflect the subconsciousness of the human mind.
Charles is worried about his gluten intolerance. He feels weird recently, bloated and he gain weight even though he doesn't eat much. He had a basic blood test and everything is fine. He should stop eating gluten for a month and see if he feels better.
Ulysses and Peter got an A. Julia got a B. Martha can check her grades online.
Andrew doesn't like the Polish joke about sinking a battleship in water.
Linda missed the train. The next one is in one hour. The fare was 80 euros.
Martha wants to buy the lenses from Ophelia's profile picture.
Linda is on a flower market looking for a gift for her mother. Michael suggests tulips, roses and freesias.
Tim will be about twenty minutes late. Gary will try to delay the main presentation.
Leslie will pick up Mark from the airport on Thursday at 4. Marcus has a meeting at 1.
Lewandowska has measles. Merve didn't see her since the last semester. She is Joanna's thesis mentor. They are organizing vaccinations in the main building from 17th until 19th. Joanna has just started working. She will try to get vaccinated before work on 18th.
Louisa will bring Thelma her red velvet dress.
Joseph will take his car to the opera.
Carl is waiting for Meg, but she needs 5 more minutes as she lost her key.
Kim and Ben are going to meet tonight for pizza with coke.
Stanley is dead, according to autocorrect.
Maria is fed up with her job.
Ryanair cancelled 400,000 flights, including Erin's plans to go to Egypt. Elijah's 2 flights are confirmed. Luke has booked another flight with easyjet.
Rachel's aunt was involved in an accident. The driver was caught and will pay for the rehabilitation. Rachel will give her aunt a hug.
Michelle and Rachel had an office party two months ago. Monica got drunk and became friendly with Ross. Monica is pregnant. Ross is married.
Luke got his ass kicked surfing today. There were no waves, 3 wipeouts and one surfboard to the head. The low tide is at 2:22 pm tomorrow.
Benjamin wasn't able to attend Friday night's basketball game, because his mom is sick. His team won 101-98.
Jamilla reminds Kiki and Yoyo that the audition starts at 7.30 pm on Antena 3.
Marta accidentally sent Weronika and Agnieszka a gif by accident.
There was a meet and greet with James Charles in one of the malls in Birmingham and about 8000 fans showed up. British media made some negative comments about it.
Janice watched almost all 50 best films of 2018, including Deadpool 2 and Avengers 2 times. Her boyfriend forced her to watch it.
