Hannah is looking for Betty's number. Amanda can't find it. Larry called Betty last time they were at the park together. Hannah doesn't know him well, but Amanda advises her to text him.
Eric and Rob are watching a Russian comedian's stand-up.
Lenny will buy the first or the third pair of purple trousers.
Emma will be home soon and will let Will know what she wants for dinner.
Jane is back from her trip to Morocco. Ollie has a party on the 18th. They will have lunch on Friday at 6 pm. Jane has already eaten the pastries.
Hilary is going to have lunch with French people who work on the history of food in colonial Mexico. She will meet them at the entrance to the conference hall at 2 pm and then they will go to La Cantina for Italian cuisine. They will try to avoid talking about their subject of research.
Max will check out some good sites to buy clothes from. He doesn't like shopping. Payton likes browsing, trying on and looking in the mirror. She also loves reading.
Rita and Tina hate their work.
Beatrice is in town, shopping. She will buy a scarf for Leo.
Eric doesn't know if he's coming to Ivan's brother's wedding. Ivan will take care of Eric's parents.
Wanda and Gina are going to have a party on Friday. Wanda needs to make a list first. Gina will take her father's car and go grocery shopping with her.
Martin won two cinema tickets online. He had to write a short review and that's it. He will see the new film with Redford till the end of the week.
Charlee is preparing a performance in Portuguese. The writer is Mrożek.
Ella rented a car and is going by car.
Luke will join Netflix family. Paul will send him the login and password on Sunday. He will also send Luke the bank account details so he can wire him the money every month. Paul is on holidays with his girlfriend for less than 8 days.
Greg needs to stay after hours, so he asks Betsy to pick up Johnny. She can't do it, because she has to work long hours.
Ethan, Toby and Marshall are making fun of Scott.
Igor has a lot of work to do at work. He's on a two-week notice period.
Clara is rewatching Dear White People on Netflix. It's about a fictional Ivy League University and the students in one House of Residence. The main character, Sam, presents a radio show on college radio. There is a Blackface party held by an elite group of white students. The black students try to break it up and there is an incident where Reggie gets a loaded gun pointed at him by a campus policeman. Lionel is coming to terms with being gay and is finding his
Mike parked his car in the garage today. Someone crashed into his red Honda.
Deirdre and Beth are planning a girls weekend for their mum's 40th birthday. Kira will have to come back from Uni. Beth wants to work in the salon as a work experience. Deirdre is looking for Saturday girls. Maxine manages the beauty side. Beth will meet her tomorrow after school.
Gloria has an exam in 4 hours. There are some rules and some typical texts. Emma is going to read everything from the website.
Adam and Karen are worried about May. May doesn't want to see a specialist. Karen will call her friend who is a psychologist.
Mark lied to Anne about his age. Anne saw his passport today.
It's Wharton's birthday next week. Darlene, Walker and Heather will buy him a paper shredder. They will shred some papers at the party.
Kelly and Mickey are going to a sculpture garden in Finnland. Ollie is going to Nagoro village in Japan.
Selah can't see the phone number very well. The phone of that person is off.
Today in boss's room he appreciated the decision to dismiss the request of client. He was looking forward to bring in new clients which were their current client's competitor.
Emma is at the rare of the bus. She will take a nap. Ben will wake her up at 4.15. They are going to arrive to NY around 4.30 PM.
Jesse, Melvin, Lee and Maxine will chip in for Refuge's Christmas foundation to help women and children who escape from abuse.
Carter will lend Mary a few box in an hour at the train station.
Paula tells Charlotte how to pronounce 'Natal lily'.
May and Jack are going to have a drink later.
Margaret has a terrible headache. Jack will buy her a painkiller.
Serge is on his way to pick up the film equipment for tonight's shooting. They have an outstanding bill to pay with the company. Serge will let Andrei know if it works out.
Janice will not buy her son a hamster for his birthday. Martina got one for her son and it stank up the whole house.
Mary loves DA Inquisition. Lucas played DA II. Daniel has just started and is trying to get used to the mechanics.
Judy is always attracted to jerks. It didn't work out with Andrew. Bruce is sweet.
Chloe is on tv. James doesn't understand what she's doing.
Tina is at the airport. She will catch the evening flight back home. Ala is on her way to a meeting.
It's been a year since Sebastian and his partner moved here. Sebastian learned a lot during this year. Kevin wishes he had such a person by his side.
Son will try to come home this weekend.
Ola and Momo are on a trip in Cuba. Momo has recovered from her injury and frolicking again. Ola sends Kate a photo of her favorite scarf from Laos. Kate will look for a similar scarf in a boutique shop.
Mike should ask Mary for John's number.
Wujek Janek has twins.
Stephen took Josh's notebook. Jack will bring it tomorrow.
Adele has a new 4-month-old biscuit lab called Bones. The cats keep their distance, Poppy and Lulu seem to mother him, and Speedy wants to play. Adele had to wean her previous dogs.
Kristian and Tabora are playing games.
Cathy left her sunglasses at Broken's. She will come to pick them up at 10 tonight.
Petra is sleepy and needs to sleep, but nobody's working at the office today.
Nick wants to meet up for a drink with Jane, but she's not interested.
Tim is gay. His friend saw him with a guy. He didn't tell Adam or Julia.
Lilly will be late. Gabriel will order some food for her.
Celine will drop by in the evening.
Craig needs help with his computer. Derek will be there in 20 minutes.
Emma wants to take the kids for a stroll, but Abigail thinks it's not a good idea as the smog alert is showing that the norms have been exceeded by 30%.
Paul will get red roses.
Jenny left her credit card at Mary's shop. She will pick it up whenever she comes.
Lara will come to Tom's birthday party at 5 pm. She will pick up the cake and get the balloons.
Paul is close to the Mac. Laura has been waiting for him for 30 minutes and 15 minutes.
Hugh and Salma like the latest cat meme.
Matt and Oliver got into Stanford, but Peter didn't. He has to look for another university.
Jake informs Nadia and Vanessa that they don't have English today because Smith called in sick and they couldn't find a replacement.
Brandon lost his credit card. He blocked it in the bank but it will take time before he gets a new one. Ian will lend him $100. Luke is broke.
Inez, Alicja, Gosia and Patrycja had a great evening at a new restaurant. They will go again on Wednesday.
Catherine will call Ana when she wakes up. They will visit grandma tomorrow.
Edson is booking his ticket now.
Jane and Steven will meet at the main entrance at 4:30 instead of 5.
Morgan and Suzanne are going to a Maroon 5 concert next week. Morgan has two tickets.
The last book Julia read was Die again from 2014. The city library is organizing a meeting with Tess.
Ali thinks he left his wallet at Mohammad's place yesterday. Mohammad will bring it to uni tomorrow.
Laura and Linda will go to an Italian restaurant tomorrow. Linda loves their pasta and brownie.
Natalie, Martin, Margot and Mia are coming to Anna's birthday on 6th of November at 1930.
Mia and Elliot are going out for drinks after work tonight.
Jayden doesn't want to have any children now, but maybe in the future when he has a good job and is financially independent. Brennan is going to sleep now.
Steve informs Gulab that USA won last night. England and Croatia are playing tomorrow at 2:00.
John is coming in 10 minutes and wants Ela to give him his walle. Ela is on the phone with her mother.
Mark told his sister Mary is doing an online job. Mary doesn't like it.
Fiona will prepare a tart for Chris. Tina will help her.
Peadar, James, Anne and Oli are going for a drink to Jesus bar around 9.15. Annette is sick, so she can't join them.
Ryan and Sebastian are worried about the events in Ukraine.
Finn and Zadie will meet tomorrow at 2 o'clock at the Elephant and Castle shopping centre.
Jacob will let Harry know what he thinks about the song he sent him 3 days ago.
Someone locked the door from outside, so Max can't let Ray in. Max will ask his roommates to open the door for him.
Kim's mom wants to know what Harry would like to get as a gift. Harry has just bought a new sofa and he needs pillows. Harry recommends grey ones.
Josh needs to buy an iPad. Brian recommends Samsung, Xiaomi or Sony. Josh will call Brian after work.
Nathalie and Olafur are going to the Soho club for New Year's Eve.
Andy is watching Arrow B. He has a quiz tomorrow.
Kim is looking for some fresh ramal fish in Warsaw. Margot recommends the marketplace at Polna street, restaurants' menus and asking about their source. Kim will grill the fish for a special occasion.
Tom and Ben are meeting at 2 pm in the Oval Room. Ben will bring all his papers.
Ashleigh got the job. She and Peter are going to the cinema.
Danna's Saturday was boring. She called 5-8 of her friends, but none of them were available. She's going to watch TV. Reed doesn't have TV, because his subscription expired and they want him to pay for it. He's in bed. He has no work tomorrow.
Alivia is working on her thesis. She has problems finding research materials. She finds the topic interesting and all, but when she's supposed to write, she blank out and can't type a single word without thinking she sounds stupid.
Maddie is in Asda. John will buy some white bread and some apples.
Jordan is going to a funeral of his colleague Brad, who had a liver cancer. He will call Elliot tonight at 8 pm.
Flo can't get into the salon until the 6th because they are too busy. She will buy a touch-up kit at Tesco.
Rob is at the grocery store. He will buy cucumber, tomatoes, bananas, apples and whatever else Ann wants for supper and lunch tomorrow.
Melany doesn't remember the last time she got laid.
Eric's favorite professor is talking about the recent scandal on the news. Noah is the smartest person alive.
Jacky and David agree that David was right yesterday. Jacky will call David when he gets home.
Rick and Chris will skype tomorrow at 3 pm.
Ying has 10 years of experience.
Missy gets out of work at 6. Daniel and Missy will go for drinks after dinner.
Adelle will clean the hamster cage after school.
Maya will buy 5 pairs of earplugs for Randolph at the pharmacy.
David is coming home for Christmas next week. He will buy his dad an ipad. David will order it online and have it shipped home.
Betty told Isabella about her work yesterday. Isabella would like to do something together with Betty.
Amy is working now.
Huda and Alex are going swimming in 2 hours.
Janet, Alison, Nicole, Cheryl, Arlene, Sue and Linda are disgusted with Donald Trump's performance at the inauguration.
Rashi is confused about her career. Teacher advises her to choose a career which interests her, get experienced and try to progress and widen the scope after a while.
Corbin wants to report school violence in his school. The student who is the victim of the violence is his friend. Dimitri will call Corbin now.
Marta is looking for a technician to fix PC's. Pablo is on vacation this week, but Cynthia or Elena might know someone.
Ann doesn't know what to do for her dad's 50th birthday. Fiona suggests some team play or paintball.
Jenson and Alene broke up. Fatima is worried about Alene.
Bob will clean the bathroom for Lisa.
Luke and Martial will let Jose know they are available for team selection tomorrow. They will meet at carrington and go to his office early.
Julie wishes Emily a merry Christmas.
Ricky doesn't like his new next door neighbors. They are noisy and have a parakeet.
Brenda and Sandra used to work together in the clothes factory. Brenda lives in Stoke now, moved away from Brum in the late 90s. Sandra lives in Kings Norton with her husband. Sandra has 4 grandchildren, ages 2, 4, 9 and 15. Brenda has only one grandchild, a 7-year-old girl. Brenda's husband Bill died 5 years ago. Brenda and Sandra want to organise a reunion for the Lister's girls. They will meet next Saturday
John and Joan are going to see "A Star is Born" on Thursday around 8 pm.
George wants to meet with Donna tonight to discuss a sensitive matter.
Louis has to go because his mom is calling him.
Irene is going shopping with her little boy. She will buy him something.
Tony sent Amy and Lucas a photo of a cat.
Matt got his ticket for Dawid Podsiadlo. He will see Thomas and Maria there.
Chris pushed some girls into the pool.
Jeff, Lia and Mico are going to the village party.
Paul will couch the game on Saturday.
Fred will pick Luke up at 3:15.
Jack is going to the casting. He will meet Ryan there.
Evelyn will stay at home for the holidays. Joanne is going back home. She always liked spending Christmas with her family, but her parents separated a few months ago. She will try to cheer her mother up.
Raul had a bad night last night. He was angry all the time and had weird dreams about his uncle.
Angie has severe stomach pain. Dr McCormick will see her in an hour. Ms. Quinn signed Angie up and she will tell the doctor she's coming.
Kelvin and Naheeda will have their CAT 2 during the statistics class.
Linda, Ronnie and Karen will have pasta for lunch at the pasta joint next to their apartment. They will take the boxes to the park.
Christine will pick up Marcel from school around 4. She will take him to the doctor tomorrow morning.
Cameron will have to stay out of town for another week. Peyton wants him to bring the video game for her.
Alicja has a job interview tomorrow.
Paul forgot about his physiotherapy appointment. He will schedule a new one. Emma will be home after midnight. Paul will prepare some food for her.
Sean overslept again.
Chris invites Tom to join him and his brother in their jacuzzi in their garden.
Cindy will call Ela to tell her Harry needs to talk urgently.
Mike didn't take the dog for a walk. Adam will take him with him.
Murphy is going to Poanań on Tuesday and coming back the same day in the afternoon.
Gaia has 6 exams this term. Only one of them is hard.
Mr. Williams and Ms. Blair will meet for a coffee at 2 pm near the square in a side alley.
Jeff has a skin condition. He doesn't have to take meds all the time. Tina has the same condition and takes meds on the daily. She can call Jeff if she has any questions.
Kristina, Jannette and Estefania are watching America's Top Model on tv.
Daniel is flying to Bologna today. He will stay 2 hours at the airport. Marco will host him for a weekend in December.
Mike can't talk right now. He will call Dale back in 2 hours.
Timmy had a bad day at work because his boss yelled at him. He will come to Gemma's bbq at the weekend.
Pat will come in the evening, around 9pm. Pat didn't catch the train. Pat thought today she was free from work, but she has another project to finish. Bart will open the door for Pat. Pat and Bart will see each other tomorrow morning.
Erin will come to the camp to do the interview with Ashley. They will meet at the restaurant.
Kate, Tommy and Sam are preparing for the conference. Tommy will have a prezi. The prezi costs $10 a month for academics.
Maxwell and Jeanice worked together tonight for 8 hours. Marcus had an argument with his friend, but they didn't fight. Marcus has been behaving in a strange way recently. Jeanice and Maxwell will grab a coffee some time to talk about it.
Mike, Tom and Ben are going for a beer now.
Leah met a guy at the poetry reading last night. They both speak German. He asked her about an event she had attended and named all her friends. He tried to walk her home. He wentogled Leah.
Nicky has just left Sam's place.
Ken wants his money back.
Tom received a taxi from Alexander. He arrived safely, but without luggages.
There are 5 bouncy castles in the hall and a HUGE bouncy dragon. The university organized a carnival party for children.
Ian is looking for his green folder. Sophie suggests he asks Alex.
Simon will be free at 5.
Jen is fed up with her partner. She is going to tell him to move out. He is freeloading and won't give her back the money. Jen is afraid to ask him to leave. Jane is always there for her.
Dean will grab something to eat on his way back home. Poppy won't be home tonight. She will see Dean tomorrow.
Gab would love to meet Kat in real life. Kat doesn't meet strange men from the internet.
Agatha's presentation is ready for her economics course. She used recent research.
Sally and Tim are going to see Imagine Dragons on 12 July at ABC Theatre.
Bez's car has a low brake fluid level. Kate took it to the garage next to Willig today and everything was fine. Bez is in a hotel lobby now and uses a "phone credit". The car passed general inspection only in June. The plants in the basement are watered once a week. Andrew will switch the heating on a bit on 21st in the evening.
Laura will visit her parents next Saturday. Keith will cook lasagne for her.
Pegah is in class till 15:00 and then works from 17:00 till about 21:30. She will be back at 22:00 D.
Robert will pick up the balloons for Tom's birthday from the store in the city centre.
Shelly is volunteering at the food shelter this year. Tracy doesn't want to do any volunteer work. Jody does some charity during Christmas.
Jim will listen to Max's new music when he gets home.
Kane recommends the new 30 seconds to mars album to Shannon.
Andy will visit Paul in 1 hour to drink coffee and talk about politics.
Caroline is close to tugging on her testicles again.
Josh will check his email to see what Ron sent him.
Phoebe used her mother's perfume and broke it, so she can't go out today.
Rob and Eve will meet on Sunday. Eve has some stuff to do around 3.
Betty and Sandra are gossiping about men who take care of animals. Sandra's ex-boyfriend recently confessed that their split-up was a mistake. Betty will be at Sandra's place at 6.
Anna has an app where she can choose clothes and then add photos of clothes. Peter doesn't understand it. Anna has 12 shirts, 10 pairs of trousers and 6 jackets.
Dan got an injection with anaesthesis, but it's not working any more and it hurts. He's swollen compared to yesterday.
Archie is arriving from Southampton around midnight. He will be travelling to Judah by bus.
Chloe hasn't watched the series yet. She will watch it during the weekend.
Lauren wants to get a small tattoo above the ankle. Tessie knows a couple of guys who do it.
Wendy thinks the upstairs toilet might be blocked. She hasn't flushed tampons or pads down there. The toilet has been a problem since they got the house. They can't afford to pay the plumber this month. They will have to wait until the next paycheck.
There is left-hand traffic in Rowen's country.
Tom wants to go to Robinson Crusoe's island. Jonathan, Oscar and Kit think it's insane.
Titus will help Emely with a difficult task.
Aldo sent Marco his article. It's 12 pages long. Marco will read it now.
Harris's friend Aoki died yesterday. Harris hasn't seen her for a few months as she lives in Michigan.
Hannah has made a lot of New Year's resolutions. She wants to lose weight and exercise everyday, learn how to cook and start meal prepping, and find her future husband. Brooklyn doesn't make any resolutions.
Trevor is having an affair with Abigail's father, a church pastor. They don't have any condoms, so Trevor is going to pull out at the last moment.
Gail and Julia are addicted to social media. Julia likes looking at photos of her friends and sharing stuff with them. Gail likes spying on people.
Miranda called Tom yesterday. She knows Anne and Tom are dating.
Ella asks her family to confirm that they are coming and if they have any dietary requirements through this link.
Sarah will reach New York this coming Thursday. Joshua will be waiting for her gift.
Allison got a scholarship.
Sam is at work until 5 pm. He is not bringing him over tonight. He will bring him in the morning around 9.
Betty and Phil are going to the cinema tonight. There are two comedies and one thriller. They are meeting at 6.30 near the theatre. They will go for a short walk before the movie and for dinner at home.
Robert is looking for a new job. He got laid off after his success in the Ukraine. Serge suggests Robert to send his CV to a Belgian guy who is thinking of opening a new factory here.
Lily had an amazing night with Thomas, who is from a rich family and studies at LSE.
Sam is looking for a black dress for his wife as a surprise gift. Sarah fashion makes dresses on order as per customer requirements. Sam will order on the website with the product number 898998.
Kamden hasn't seen Mckinley in a while because he's been off social media. Kamden uses chat on Facebook to keep up with good friends. Mckenley uses Facebook mostly to keep in touch with people.
Mike is going to the gym after work. Jason will come over to his place and they will play Destiny 2 on PS4.
Linda is moving to Ohio for 6 months. Her brother is going to live there. She will meet with Daisy before she leaves.
Hayden has 1 month to write his thesis and then he needs to decide what studies he should choose. He's interested in African studies but he's not sure he can make big money later on. He was thinking about working as a flight attendant but he doesn't want to risk every time.
Alan has found a product with no sugar, no taste and additional cinnamon flavoring. Rob wishes it had the old cherry flavor.
Yaz and Mary are going to slimming club tonight. Yaz will pick Mary up at 6.
Aaliyah and Camille are having classes 342 on the second floor. Camille is sick.
Dan sent Nathan a video of a woman having a spiritual moment.
William has been in que for 20 minutes. He will be back in 5 minutes.
Jake has reserved 3 tickets for 7 pm tomorrow with a 30% discount.
Kelly has just finished The Crown. Freddie recommends Outlander or The Tudors. Bob recommends Grimm or Sabrina. Greg is watching House of Cards. Alan is catching up with Friends.
Toni and his friends went to San Sebastian last year. They stayed in an airbnb place next to Playa de la Concha. The landlady is an old Basque lady who made a tortilla for them and rents a room in the appartment. Sonia is planning to go there in a month or so.
Malik and Samantha are going to try the keto diet together.
Derek and Phil had a busy day. Derek closed some deals but he had a lot of stress. Phil couldn't close any deal.
People photoshopped Timothée Chalamet into artworks.
Peter has been busy with work. He wants to improve his health. He has a gym membership near his office. He exercises with weights and runs on the treadmill. Lisa wants to eat better to keep in shape.
Julia broke Tom's cup. She will buy him a new one.
The CSS tests are today. Rodney hasn't registered in their system yet. The tests are supposed to last 5-8 pm. Rodney and Oscar are 10 years old. Don wants Hank to take his kid.
Jessica bought a table, six chairs, a vase, a pile of clothes and a black dress for 70 euros at the second hand shop downtown.
Abigail and Damien are going to church on Sunday. Abigail reminds Damien to put on a coat and tie.
Desiree wants Lucian to keep her pasta in the microwave. Lucian hasn't cooked anything yet.
Doug loves his new shoes.
Tessa wants Chloe to stop texting her boyfriend Jim Andrews.
Emily, Kate and Marta will meet for a drink in Pub X at the central station at 5.30. Kate may be late due to traffic.
Anne went to La Perle with Jane and Ella. They ordered a cheesecake. Jane is allergic to peanuts. She started swelling after the first bite. She went to the ER.
Railey will buy Tiffany a burger on her way home.
Ariana is going shopping in Midtown. Aviana wishes she could go with her.
Jane is getting halloween costumes with her sister. Connor got his today at Value Village. Jane will go with him.
Mary didn't go to school today.
Tom and Jeffrey are a few meters away from Elena.
Sophia apologizes to Mason for sending him a kiss photo. Mason doesn't care whether Sophia looks good or not.
Steffen can't go to the infinity pool because he twisted his ancle yesterday. Irene, Dan, Luke and Ben will give him a lift.
Jake, Florence, Margot and others are going on a research trip to Eswatini.
Christine is not going to school tomorrow. She probably has the flu. Annie will drop Theraflu sachets through Christine's letterbox later.
Jill called Sarah and sent her Bob's pictures. She doesn't want him back. Bob left her.
Peter starts the new job on the 6th. Aggie will get a babysitter.
Maryam might have gone somewhere with his father. Aimee tried his number but didn't find her.
George, Robert and Paul are going to play basketball on Friday, 7 p.m. Yousuf will come half an hour later to help his sister with her car.
Rory and Sammy are thinking of signing up Bill for that International camp. Mitch will go with them on Sunday, 29th. He will drive around 1000 km and will arrive early on Monday morning. They will put Bill on a Flixbus and he will arrive around 10 am on Sunday. Joanna will pick him up.
Jones and Angelina will meet today later in the afternoon in town.
Derek doesn't like Fergie's national anthem. Alyssa thinks she does a great job.
Pam will call Lauren in the morning and let her know if she still needs her for tomorrow. Lauren will tell Pam all about her holiday tomorrow.
Harriette went ghost hunting once when she was in high school with her friends. They didn't find any ghosts, but Harriette was freaked out by a cat meow.
Jack can't get the application running. Kev will help him right now.
Dan and Angela will meet at school later.
Shaldona is getting married. She sent a mobile inviation for their wedding to Piper.
Paula and Ralph will meet with the new person in an hour.
Ania, Kasia, Jan and Zuzia are going to the church tomorrow to praise Mary the Queen of Poland.
Harry is waiting for Ema outside. Ema will be there in 5 minutes.
Jeff, Vladimir, Tanya and Donald are discussing the Caspian Sea agreement.
Joe's job is wearing him down. Sam and Tim advise him not to let it burn him out like Terry did.
Judy is going to the new club at Regents Street with Miranda and Helen on Saturday. Natalie wants to go with them.
Jamie, Marlo and Jimmy will make presentations in groups of 3-4 people per team. They will divide them into girls and boys groups.
Nora has just talked on the phone to John's math teacher. John is at school now. Theresa is waiting for him in the park.
There was a huge crowd outside the book shop today. A new writer who writes about vampires was signing copies of his books. Louis doesn't like him.
Debbie doesn't know which dress to buy. Kelly and Denise advise her to buy the green one. Kelly is considering buying the red one for herself.
Emilia is still angry.
Mia will use Tom's credit card to buy a flight ticket. She will send him the flight, company and personal data.
Hugh has a toothache and needs to go to the dentist urgently. Andy recommends Dr Smith in the centre. Hugh will call them tomorrow.
Ella's mom won a hundred thou in the lottery.
There was a car accident on Circle Drive. There were no deaths.
Bob is watching the game. He has no plans for the weekend except to run some errands, cook some food and go out for a few beers. Jim's birthday is next Wednesday. He might organize a meetup with his friends at some bar this weekend. Rob will let him know when he meets him.
Julie, Debra and 20 other girls from the village are going to meet over the weekend.
Mike had an accident on his motorcycle and broke his leg.
David had to babysit Ethan's sister. His phone was switched off, but he has just turned it on.
Conrad forgot his keys. Tiffany will be home at 10-11, Rebecca even later. Conrad will wait in the coffee shop.
There was a weird smell at Kasia's place last night.
Holly doesn't feel well, so she can't come to Jake's party tonight.
Ludmila's favourite dinosaur was a triceratops.
Josh and Sean are going to the pub tonight. Logan would like to meet some girls.
Indiana left his phone at Liam's place. He's using it right now.
Claire is going to order a dress for the wedding.
Victor took over Chris's company. He sold off the office and accommodated them in his office. Chris is still working as Director. David's business is going good but the market is slow.
Patricia sends Elle the fair-trade brand she's been talking about.
Ethan didn't attend the part last night because he is in Los Angeles. He will be back in 3 or 2 days.
Stan is going to take her to Pat&Gill's today.
Abby met Miro yesterday at the party. Miro's father came from Albania to the US illegally in the early 1990s.
Julie watched a Japanese horror movie and is scared. Rose and Paula will come over to Julie's to drink cocoa and watch "when Harry met Sally" until they fall asleep.
Lucy's daughter is 15. It seems like yesterday she was 5 years old. Lucy doesn't know what to do now.
Dan, Tim, Chris and Martin are going out on Saturday at 8 o'clock. Tom is at his in-laws' party. Dan needs to be home at 2 and ready to drive on Sunday noon.
Casey did her nails herself. It took her nearly 4 hours. Amelia and Kristen want her to do their nails for them.
Sharol forgot about the sociology assignment which is due tomorrow. Kate reminds her.
Jack is sick at school. Jamie had it all the time last year. Helen has a perdiatrician, doctor Tornez, who treats every case individually. The school trip is off.
Tim hasn't seen his mum today. She's with autn Grace.
Caroline's first boyfriend is 26 and his mother doesn't like her. He used to spend all the time at home and now he lives with his mum and gramma.
Vincent broke his lamp with his bare hand while playing with his cat. He ordered a new one and it should be ready on Tuesday.
Nestor wants to buy a new laptop as Black Friday is coming. Olaf sends Nestor a link to a website where people upload photos of the same product and its price 2 weeks before Black Friday and during the promotion. Nestor is going to the mall tomorrow to look for a good deal.
Phil and Vic prefer Facebook to Twitter. Vic has never had an account on Tumblr.
Peter and Dan have seen a guy with dreads. Amanda is not convinced.
James will pick up the car after work tomorrow and pay for it. Sue will transfer the money in.
Jess is stuck in a traffic jam in West Bronx.
Dima's laptop is broken and he has to deliver a translation tomorrow at 9. Nada lent her old laptop to her brother, but she took two days off to lend Dima hers. Dima will pick it up in an hour.
Kelly went to the pub after school and met more people from school. She didn't like the fact that he was there at 2 am. Kelly told him a few words and he heard from her.
Anne will invite Adele and Louise for Easter. Adele will bring eggs.
Peggy hasn't had her computer repaired yet. She spends a lot of time using the library computers. She will write if she has any questions.
Jerry will be home in 40 minutes. Janet had a good day at work, but her boss can be a bitch sometimes.
Mark, Anna, Julia and George are going on a package tour. They are going to choose one of the cheaper options from a tour operator. They will divide themselves so they don't check the same websites.
Alison accused Stanley of having an affair. He can't go for this weekend with her because of work. The analysis for the previous project should be done tonight, so he can start working on it today. Alison disappeared from all the media and won't answer her phone. The division of the tasks is on Stanley.
Kimberly left the cafe yesterday with her pinkish-blue umbrella. She got it as a present from her mother a few years ago. She will call the cafe at 613-785-4329.
Catherine applied for an accounting position at Pandora. She will have an interview on Monday.
Anna will go with Fiona to the doctor tomorrow at 8 a.m.
Dan wanted to wash his hands and the pipe under the wash basin exploded. Andrea will write to the owner and Dan will do it himself.
Linda is cooking Curry for dinner.
Matt's homestay parents don't treat him well. They take Carlos for subway instead of him. They have to pay more for electricity. Matt is staying there one more month.
Katie hosted Tim on Monday evening and dropped him off at the railway station the next morning. Katie and Ann Cairns spent a week-end together 20 years ago in Saint Fargeau. Ann has known Ben since school. Katie will text Ann's son to tell him where she wants to pick him up tomorrow.
Sharon's mother is angry, so she grounded her. She lives with her parents. Ahmed wants to move in with her, but she has to work and she's still a student. Her parents will stop talking to her.
Rob is looking at today's memes and finds them either completely stupid or have no humour value.
Mike will get the refill for the hand sanitizer by the restrooms for Grace.
Cheryl had an argument with her mother, because she forgot to close the window when she was leaving home. Her mother kicked her out, but she gave her time till the end of the year.
David is landing at Sevilla at 17:30. Victor will pick him up from the airport.
Ann will pay 200 dollars for the laptop. Josh has a bag and a small usb mouse.
Sara will do the washing up when she gets back from the cinema with Jack.
Gary is driving for Uber. Ellie didn't think it was a good idea. Gary is having a lot of fun.
Kristi needs new trainers. Leah sends her a link with a 20% discount coupon. Kristi will put her ID onto the reference code.
Steve will call Sue when he gets this.
There was a bear attack on the zoo. Megan thinks it's cruel and wrong.
Mick didn't get the confirmation emai from AES yet. Barbara did. Mick will call them.
Allison sent Alan a file with budget estimation for the current year, but it was for the next year. They doubled the costs in the line "other expenses" because their boss had to come back from Japan for the convention.
Nate will be ready in 10. Liam will be there in 15.
Duncan wishes Carl all the best in this year's championship. Carl is using a 6 speed hydrolic shift gearbox this year. Duncan and his cousin will attend the championship. Duncan reserved a place in the VIp for Carl.
Terry will take his dog away before Dinny comes.
Anastasia and Darrell had their new school photos taken in less than a minute. Anastasia needed a new one for her school ID.
Kim is going to Seoul in April with Jane, who will be their tour guide.
Aubrianna's friend's father died because of malaria in kongo.
Josh lost his new sneakers last Tuesday. He thought he left them in the gym, but they were not found. He will try to check the swimming pool.
It's Valentine's Day. There are a lot of vendors selling roses on the street here. It's 3 degrees. Bella hopes to leave work at 6. Bella will probably go to Korea to get regular checkup. Aria will fly to Warsaw as soon as she finishes work.
Sutter is injured, so he can't go to the ball game tonight. The game starts at 8.
Daina needs to put her make up for about an hour.
Viola is feeling a bit light in the stomach before the wedding. Carmen will be there on Friday night to help her.
Madeline and Alex had an argument today. They are going for a beer tomorrow.
Betty will check in on Mom and Grandpa.
William will prepare spagghetti alla vontale for dinner. He will cook pasta, garlic, wine and then clams.
Maria, Martha, Alexander and Sarah will meet tomorrow evening at 17:15 to discuss all remaining questions after the IMF lecture. Lawrence will be late, so they can start without him.
Molly and Anna are going to the Muse concert in Cracow. Hannah doesn't like them.
Tabby has 2 exams next week. Laura passed all exams but one. Tabby will see how much progress she makes with studying over the next couple of days before she goes to Daisy's party on Saturday.
Becky's cat Coco is sitting on her lap purring right now. It took her 2 days to get used to Joel and Trent's visit.
Sosie will come to Kyra's flat in 5 minutes.
Ronnie's city uses three different bins: compost, recycle and trash. People there live in a different world when it comes to environmental awareness. There are no more single use plastic bags in grocery stores and no more straws in restaurants.
Tina is still at work. She will call Adam tomorrow before 9.
Natalie is pregnant. Dave is the father.
Nick will bring Steve some lunch.
Gemma wants to come to Lona and Michelle's wedding receptions.
Millie is sick and won't come today.
Daisy wants Lisa to be back home before 11 pm.
Tina is almost there, she's already dressed. The bus is leaving in 3 minutes.
Sophie is going to collect quince from Noah's terrace. William went to collect the rest of them for her. Sophie will talk to Frank and maybe to the twins. The twins will come from Notts tomorrow afternoon and pass Windfield. They will contact Noah about the quince.
Harry is going to Ikea. He will buy a table cloth 120 cm x 140 cm, two medium size wardrobe organisers (the ones with grey flowers), one wooden spatula and three bottle cleaners for Sarah.
Cindy is sad and doesn't want to talk about it. Ellie comforts her.
Nadia and Jannet had fun yesterday. They will go to the disco next time.
He bought a new car. Mark wants to be the first one to drive it. Jeff will bet him 100 bucks that he will let him first.
Ann congratulates Sue and Julie on their success. Ann and Julie will have a little celebration tonight.
Aunt is getting her hair cut today. Kathy is also going to get something done today.
Mr. Benson is in Peru discussing a contract with a new client. He wants to talk to Claudia, Andy and Mark about their work while he's away.
Den's mother cried this morning. Jane thinks she needs to get out more and invites her for tea on Friday.
Ludo is in room 112 with Hugo and Charles in class 3.
Phoebe will open Chandler's door and pay the delivery guy.
Max's sister is studying in Shanghai. She thinks it's a good investment.
Russ hasn't read the report David emailed yesterday yet. Russ will take a look at the report and send him some remarks. Russ should be done with the report by midday. David will answer some emails.
Catherine and Ben are going to visit uncle Steve. Ben doesn't want to go with them because he doesn't like such visits. The boys want to see Ben. Ben will visit them when he has the chance.
Clay is in the class room.
Sean won't be able to take the car to the carwash because he has to finish the report first. He and Alice will go there tomorrow.
Bert is getting home around 8-ish. Julia and the kids will wait for him with dinner.
Steve has a new dishwasher. It's a 12 place setting one. He doesn't have to put it on every day.
Michelle is still researching. The update installs bugs on her computer.
Joy is coming back on Thursday.
Café Kohaku near Covent Garden is closed. Julia wanted to take her cousin there last week, but the place was empty. They went to the Lilly's instead.
Olivia has a lot of work to do. She needs to do her accounts, get all the incoming and outgoing invoices sorted by months, and upload some videos to YouTube.
Emily has broken one of Linda's tea cups when she was cleaning the cupboards in the dining room.
Tom and Camilla are going to Dublin for 2 days this weekend.
Sandra is recovering from a disease. She has some effective medicines now. Stella wants to take her to the cinema. Sandra would like to watch an action movie.
Harley and Ruby are gossiping about the divorce filing of a serial cheater. The wife is taking him to the cleaners. He will get a monthly payment, half his pension and a house.
Ken is stressed because of work, fighting with Brad and his mom. He is going to the show on Saturday night and seeing the grandkids on Sunday at the zoo.
Today is derby day. The winner will be Manchester United.
Dexter and Addisyn haven't talked for a long time. Dexter misses her.
Jason was absent today. He had a dental appointment.
Don has a meeting with management board today at 2 pm in the conference room. Catering will bring some tea, coffee and snacks. Don has a trip next week. Cindy booked the hotel, Hilton, but nobody is going to pick him up at the airport.
Samuel is at a joint in Laos. He ordered a joint and mushroom pizza.
Mike and Celia will go on holiday to Croatia.
Jasmine and Paola love the new song of Charlie Puth. Paola also loves Galway Girl.
Jaz will visit Sharon on Sunday at 2.30 to sort out her roots.
Pete will be home in 20 minutes for lunch.
Kas will let Laura know if he can tidy up her dreads for her this weekend.
Jill and Ally can't do more than 3-4 hours of physical activity per day.
Professor Evans, who taught James ethics, has an art exhibition opening tomorrow. James and Mia will go to the exhibition and to the cinema with Amelia. They will meet at James' place afterwards.
The readings for the next session of Stephen’s seminar are not yet in the print shop. Rita will ask them to print more for later.
Ost bought a garage place in Belgrade. He wants to rent it out and do the restitution of his money. Vesna is happy for him.
Hania has been on the road for 3 hours. She didn't stop in Zawiercie. The next station is in Poraj. She will be there around 7 pm. Julia will pick her up from the platform. They will order pizza or burgers.
Kaylee is blocking Gavin.
Lara is coming today.
Mazie and her friends are having a drink tonight. Lee doesn't like some of her friends. Sheryl is a b-word that rhymes with witch. Lee spilled a drink on Sheryl.
Erin has just baked something. She will bring it to Zach later. Zach is cleaning the flat now.
Joseph had three job interviews in two days. The first two were ok, they seemed satisfied with his résumé. The third one was ok, but the woman didn't like Joseph.
Sue will send Graham dates for weekends in the Romford area. Sue will let him know when Louise wants him to focus on motorways.
Brett's cousin met his wife in WoW. Andrew's favourite RPG is the Final Fantasy series.
Rael hates her job. She doesn't have time to eat lunch. Rael wants to change her job but she needs to find a new one first. Zach recommends IT and gives her some advice on how to start.
Susan went to a rollerskating disco with her date.
Pete will come over tonight to watch Deadpool 2 with the guys.
Euodia doesn't know what Tiktok is. Domigo explains it to her.
Hugh has just given birth to a son.
Nathalie, Pauline and Jacob are going on holiday to Greece in August. They need to be back by 10, because Nathalie's sister is getting married.
Maria and Lori were supposed to meet at Prudential, but there is a traffic jam in Copley. Lori will be there in 5 minutes.
Marta thinks Jay is a pathological liar because he keeps talking about how he has all this money and travels all over the world. Marta found out that Jay lives in a studio apartment in the outskirts of town.
Chuck and Ally are not sure what to do on New Year's Eve. Telly is hesitating about going to Luke's party. There is also a party at Bernie's, but Telly wasn't invited.
Karen passed.
Gill needs a new peeling. Bunny suggests drinking coffee and applying some oil.
Ryan is visiting family in Manchester for Christmas. Chris stayed at home with Ann for the first time.
Bruce's crowdfunding campaign has reached 5000 dollars.
Liam will pick Kane up at 8.
Kate had a fight with Chris. He watched a programme about the refugees and went on a rant about it. Kate doesn't know why she's still talking to him. She doesn't want to stay in touch with him.
Celine went skating with Mark for the first time.
Lia's family wants her to go home for Passover, but the tickets are expensive and she has a lot of work. Sarah bought her tickets yesterday for 500 quid. She's flying on the 28th. Last year they went to Negev. This year they are going to the desert.
Jack hasn't received the package Gene sent him on Friday.
Miranda has to work 20 hours a day. She wants to cancel tomorrow's meeting with Stephanie.
Blake will wait for Clara and Jenny on the platform.
Raymond and Charlotte will have pizza and some pesto pennes. Charlotte will come over in 15 minutes.
Zack watched a couple of episodes of the new Jersey Shore season. It's the original cast, including Snooki, J-Wow, Pauly D, Ron, The Situation, Deena and Vinny. The Situation was having some legal problems, but he's still funny and a nice guy now. Season 2 is almost there.
Will is standing in a long line at the post office in order to send a traditional letter.
Ella and Serena went to the new club in Cork last weekend. It was empty.
Margaret and Peter are hesitating about going to Sweden for a week in January. Kai advises them to visit the Vasa Museum.
Avril and Frank are going mushroom picking at the weekend. Avril is also going to see horse racing.
Mel will take Xand and Adam to Multisports tomorrow at half 10.
Ethan is sore after yesterday's meeting. Ethan usually goes to the gym every other day, but this week he's trained every day. Ethan and Ray will meet at 8 pm at Ray's place. Ethan has to pick up the kids.
Diana is going for a hip-hop workshop. Frann will join her. They will meet in a week.
Pam lost her iphone. There is an option to display something on the screen. Pam will check it out.
A guy got beaten and mugged on campus. There will be an official statement about it in the paper. The assailant had a mask on. The guy is in the hospital, but he'll be fine.
Nathan and Deborah are going hiking tomorrow. Nathan is seeing the dentist after work. Deborah will pick up the girls from school and they will meet at home for a quick bite. Nathan will buy the syrup for travel sickness on his way home.
Casper, Alexander and Igor are not going for tomorrow's classes with Mr Linda. They are going to meet near the university instead.
Javier is looking for a tattoo parlour in Warsaw. His girlfriend has had a tattoo done there and it cost 1000.
Jessica and Michael are coming to the hotel on the 15th of August around 2 p.m.
Marsha, Mohammad, Cynthia and John are going to Madagascar for a week. They will stay at a small hotel in Nosy Be.
Cyprien was born in Jarrow and lives in London now. He was educated in Loughborouogh, so in a sense he came from there. In another sense he comes from his mother's vagina.
Joanna needs to get the stains out of her ecru dress. Ethel recommends leaving it at the dry-cleaner's. There is a cheap one at Jagiellonska 3.
Charlie doesn't want to have a pizza with Anna tonight, because he's still upset about the things that happened.
It's really cold outside. Kris doesn't want to go anywhere. Jason has been running around the city all day in the cold. Nadine is getting sick patients at her clinic.
Leticia lost her wallet. Lora and Miranda will lend her 10$. Leticia will call the bank and block her account.
Paula will get the paper from the office tomorrow. The deadline for the application is Friday at noon.
Ben and Steven will have pizza at Marco's tonight.
Daniel took Terence's money. Terence found it.
Levy didn't throw the garbage out. Lucy will have to do it now.
Vinny will lend his car to Willy for a day or so. They will car pool together a couple of days a week.
Lindsey has just finished her class. She wants to go for another class, but earlier she asked another girl to put her name on the attendance list instead of her.
Dory's friend is coming over the day after tomorrow. She will stay for around a week. Jason and Lucy have been working on the movie for 2 months. Jason has purchased the app in which to video and to edit and Lucy has a script.
Michelle and Jared used to go out together and Kelly is Michelle's best friend. Jared wants to ask her out.
Dodson and Trish want to go to the seaside for their winter break. Reeve and Slow don't know what to do.
Zayna and Alex will meet for a drink at 8 pm at Zayna's place.
Grace didn't talk to Audrey at the party last night. Grace is excited about graduating soon and considering applying for grad school. She also considers taking a year off.
Monica sends Natalie the recipe for her famous cheesecake.
Ethan will send Dixie Jason's phone number in a minute.
Amanda didn't like "Parks and Rec". She's not a fan of the main character, Amy Poehler. Vincent likes her.
Bob wants to play a game with Harry, but Harry has no money to spend on it.
Randal bought everything except the nail polish. The shop assistant is looking at him weird.
Mike and Pat are discussing the Chicago Fire's game last night. Pat is not a big fan of soccer, but he likes baseball and hockey. Pat plays basketball and would like to play with Mike one day.
Nate's overbooked for the first day dinner. He has to create a new Excel file and feed the data into the tables himself.
Farrah shared her fossil collection with Enrique's class. They loved it. She will come back again and bring other fossils. Enrique will give her name and number to the teacher.
Zoey and Thomas are in the tropics. At night the temps fall to -3. On Sunday they had a walk around the summit of Belchen.
Trinny, Susannah and Linda will meet at 6 at the main entrance.
Emma and Peter are going to Amiens tomorrow. Daniel is fed up with Paris. They will meet at Emma's place at 9 am.
There is a 10% discount code for new customers when they checkout. Red and Gray colours are the most popular. Breann wishes there was a cheetah print.
Hugh will prepare the pizza base and put it in the oven when he arrives.
The next ASEEES conference will take place in San Francisco. The last conference in 1993 was criticised for the high costs of travelling to the place.
Finn's package has left the warehouse and will be delivered to him tomorrow.
Rhonda will send Precious the content for the November email blast right away.
Derek McCarthy needs an Android cable for an hour. Tommy is in Poland. Tommy's wife will give him one. She will be at home at 8:15 pm.
Judy will feed Derek's animals on Friday and Saturday. Derek will give Judy his keys on Thursday.
Laura, Kelsey and Sid are going to see Aquaman on Thursday at 8:10. Oona will buy the tickets for them.
Rob wants to start Get off the couch challenge. He will do 30 minutes of activity every day. Greg and Will advise him to do variety of exercises.
Bennett and Cynthia are going to a new hipster bistro.
Lorenzo has just arrived in Tuscany. Will is on the train in Arezzo. Amanda is still on the highway. Lorenzo will take the keys to the room and let them know it's ok. The room has an amazing view on the Duomo.
Walker will bring his Xbox console to play with Booker all night.
Laura's mother passed away this morning. Anne and Kristian will visit her.
The cafes by the river got damaged with the flods. The cost to repair them is high.
Ana and Katy are going to see a film by Lola Arias at 7 pm on Saturday. Ana wants to avoid Carlos getting lost on his way.
John recommends Bristol Stool Scale to Henry. Henry had a nice poop this morning.
Mary and Patricia are flying to Japan in a week. They are afraid of the long flight, earth-quakes and tsunamis. James assures them that nothing will happen.
Linda won't manage to do any gardening before leaving. Mika will buy a few plants for her garden.
Drade's brother got out of the group chat room because he was angry with Drade. Drade didn't do anything wrong.
Kate broke her arm and they are sending her to the hospital. Greg advises her to call Linda or ask someone at the reception if their insurance covers hospital costs.
Charlie's sister has just passed her last exam on her university. Charlie and Frank will go out to celebrate tonight.
Clara is at the gym and won't be back before 7. Bella will pop in after 7:30 to have a drink and talk to Clara about something.
Jose, Ricky and Amanda wish each other merry Christmas and a happy new year. They are looking forward to the summer and going to Cuba, Mexico and Thailand.
Susan and Rob will have dinner together after work tomorrow. Susan will cook something special.
Denise has to do units 2 and 3 for tomorrow's test.
Sharon loves the lamps and hangers Steph bought at Ikea.
Anna will call Peter in 20 minutes.
Jesse broke Stig's razor and wants to borrow it.
Patrick's phone number is +44 7700 900077. He changed his number.
Uncle Sam came back from work. He was in hospital. Yvonne looked stunning at her cousin's wedding. She's dating an Argentinian.
Thomas will buy butter on Jack's request. Jack is making a mushroom soup.
Debbie will bring Helen her laptop as she has a presentation today.
Jessica got a plant for her birthday, but nobody knows the name so she can't look up how to care for it. Boston looked it up.
John and Annie are coming back to London. John lost his job in Germany. He got a better offer from an IT company in London. Amber will have to look for a new flat.
Ludovica, Greg and Michelle are waiting for Vicky in front of Fratellis. Audrey can't get a taxi so Marty and kids will pick her up in 10 minutes. Ryan is upstairs waiting for Audrey.
Amir doesn't feel like tomorrow. Kaylin has set three alarms just in case.
Lois couldn't get onto her aacount. She's thinking of deleting both accounts. Keira's sister is grounded for a month.
Natacha will pick Charles up at the RER station Vesinet around 5:30 pm.
Simon was on the phone and didn't hear Helen calling him. Helen needs Simon to bring her some tissues.
There is a blizzard outside. It reminds Ricky of hiking in the mountains when he was a student. Tom went hiking with 5 or 6 friends a couple of years ago. They rented a cabin in the wild.
Lucy and her friends are going to the gig with Johny. They are meeting at Lucy's house at 6 pm. The gig starts at 8.
Rose and Jake are going to buy Christmas gifts for people tomorrow.
Jake used to think minimalism is bullshit. Now he thinks it's a good idea to buy things that will serve you longer. Martha saw a documentary about minimalism gurus and she's mixed about it.
Albert passed his driving exam for the fourth time.
Jaya hasn't seen Ravi's mother in the club for almost 4 months. She has been suffering from knee pain for almost 5 years and the doctor has asked her to restrict movement. Ravi will pass his mother's wishes to her.
Lynn thinks it's not worth it to have sex with some old wrinkled guy to pay the bills. Steviee and Wilbur are laughing at her.
Alice has the flu. She is at home for 10 days. She forgot to take the vaccine.
Sandra left a Millas present at Marco's place yesterday. Marco will bring it over.
Mum will wrap something up for Steve.
Zariah has a backache almost every day recently.
James will pick Hannah up on Saturday at 8.
Rachel and Caron are going for a drink to Red Lion at 8.
Victor is too busy this Saturday to help with the event Sara is organizing.
Wendy has grown prettier since she came from Houston. Jerry is her lover. Dave will try to hit on Wendy soon.
George will call Patricia in an hour or so.
Mario has landed in every airport in Europe today. He's waiting in Luxembourg now.
Lena and Brian don't like their new professor because he gave them exercises on pages 12-16. They will not do the homework.
Elvina got invited to the local theatre. She doesn't know what to wear. Booth was there the other day and liked it.
Callum is busy.
Jacob will reach the parking lot in 10 minutes.
Molly met up with Chuck on Friday. She told him no and he made up a story.
Sally and Rita like Borns' new album, God Save Our Young Blood and Faded Heart. Florence's new single is out tomorrow.
Gloria is too poor for her lifestyle. She cooked sushi and tiger prawn korma. She should plan her meals better.
Haley found a photo of Bella when she was a kitten. Bella is now middle-aged.
This Christmas at Wall Street was the worst since the end of the 19th century. People in Peter's bank are calm. Jeff has listened to some podcasts about the American economy. Miranda and Peter think the global economy will get weaker in the early 2020s.
Alexa asked Ethan to insult Hunter because she was jealous to see him with Ethan that day. Alexa and Hunter will talk about it tomorrow.
Meg will meet Ann at home at 7. Ann has extra math classes.
Lorenna can't come to the party tomorrow because Emma has a fever and she needs to take her to the doctor. Emma is sleeping now.
Iga planned a weekend getaway with her boyfriend, but he couldn't talk his group into changing the date of the presentation. They haven't been sitting together since Monday.
Samuel speaks Telugu, a language spoken in South east India. There are nearly 90 million speakers. Telugu is written left to right and is based on Brahmin script. Samuel is 35 years old and lives in Teluguland. Many people here earn less than a hundred dollars a month.
Pete will buy pear yogurt on Jen's request.
Eve, Charlie and Nicole are meeting at the entrance.
Sophie's spirit animal is a fox. Jenkin's is a dolphin. He will bring Sophie some cards tomorrow.
Daisy is sending Scarlett her RGS application.
Christie and Katie are tired after the party.
Sam and Carla will meet at Meanwood cafe at 2 pm tomorrow.
Lily needs to rent a pop corn machine for the office Christmas party. They will screen Love Actually. Daniel will check if he knows someone who rents them.
Louis is looking for something to buy Lilly and Stephen for the wedding.
Chris tried jogging today for the first time in a while. He was afraid he would collapse after 50m, but he did quite well. Chris is taking medication that slows his heart rate. Matt used to play football and his first performance after a long break was always spectacular.
Eric and Dan liked the second season of "Punisher" but they think the first one was better. Netflix discontinued Daredevil.
Geri and Hilary will go to a frozen yogurt place tomorrow to get some ice cream.
The top management is coming from France next week. Jacob got an invitation via Outlook to the meeting. There is a formal dress code required.
Joana and Sandy will play dixit or carcassonne.
Jenny, Jeremy and Joan are going to the concert on Saturday. They will start with a drink. The venue is 8th Avenue.
John and Matt have a practice today.
George and Blake are going to meet.
Steve bought the new Dream Theater album 5 minutes ago. Rob has it ready for the first listening.
Martin will buy two milks for Alex because he needs to finish a project.
Jeremih's sister is mad at him. Hansel will tell her.
Joy sends Peter a link to her beauty shop.
Josh spent New Year's Eve with his friends. They had some wine and played board games. Emma went to the seaside and visited a few clubs. She had a cold.
Andy is working late until 4. Andy will be there by 8.
Shari and Stewart are critical of the current president. They want to vote him out.
Lydia added a guy on Facebook and he accepted her invitation. He is "engaged" to her. She doesn't want to talk to him as they work in the same company.
Daria got a new job at a law firm.
Boris has to deny Sarah's request for PTO because she is too low on the totem pole. He will give her first choice of dates the week after. Sarah will have a long weekend. Boris will amend her request for the following week, Monday through Wednesday.
Blair and Chuck are meeting the wedding planner after work at Nonna Rita's. Blair wants Chuck to order their seafood tagliatelle. They both remember the spaghetti pomodoro disaster from their last meeting with Diane.
Alan sent Ruth an email, but she didn't reply. Now he's sending it again. It has an attachment, but Ruth didn't have trouble opening it.
Oscar and Payne will meet for a coffee at Tristano's in half an hour.
Frank and Hope love each other.
Gina sent Luke a photo of the parrot she painted yesterday.
Tina and Steve will meet in the car park. They will go grocery shopping together.
Rudi and Henrietta are shocked by what Donald Trump said about congresswoman.
Luis doesn't want to talk to his roommate Cole even though they are in the same room.
Daniel passed his driving licence exam.
Samuel Anderson and Katherine Jackson won't come to the individual meetings tomorrow. The meetings will take place in Andrew Simmons' office, room 104.
Rosie is feeling better today, but still not good.
Veronica doesn't speak French. Ty needs a translator.
A nun and a blind crazy man are waiting for Emily at the doctor's.
Lisa, Mary and Sarah are going to take their son to the Aquarium. Frank will help them.
Conor was out with his friends from college. He will bring Mario fries from KFC.
Ditty came back last night. Inga didn't want to wake Ditty up this morning, because she has some mail for her. Andy was emptying Ditty's letter box, so Inga collected a parcel for Ditty. She will come over to collect it around 6 pm.
Damian is happy for the team that scored twice against Huddersfield. Jacob and Mason didn't watch the game.
Jay has convinced Ruth and Paulette to accompany him at the concert. Joe doesn't have any money to buy tickets. Jay will lend him the money.
Robyn is feeling better today after drinking beer last night.
Aaron has a connecting flight in Cairo and might leave the airport for a few hours to pass the time. Adam hasn't been to Egypt.
Gino doesn't know if he should wear the white shirt, black trousers and black shoes. Renee advises him to wear the blue trousers, white shirt and brown shoes.
Richard will pick James up at 6:15.
Caleb sent Ella a photo of Maya's costume for a school play. Ella can't open it. Caleb will send her the photo via email.
Marco will sign the attendance form when he arrives so everyone knows he was there.
Josh will pick Michelle up at 7 tomorrow to go to the movies.
Yaz and Tania are going to a pub on Friday at 8.
Anna studies too much and she's dissatisfied with the results. Jerry tries to look for positives.
Robin is interested in the poker platform Bulls Eye. Jack has played it several times and made a few bucks. He sends Robin links to some good sites.
Sergio prepared a speech for Ulrich's wedding. He will talk about how Ulrich has been a great friend over the years. Sergio is nervous about giving the speech.
Edward and Lauren don't want to go on the business trip tomorrow. They are going to an expo.
Robert wants to grab a coffee with Gabriel. Gabriel quit the office about a month ago. Gabriel is at home looking into what to do next.
Susan's presentation was a disaster. Becky's school called. She has a fever. Tom will pick her up and take her to his mother's house. He needs to return to the office. John won't let him go if he doesn't finish the project on time.
Noah and Leo are going to see Solstafir on Wednesday at 21.11.
Marleen is at Kaiser's buying silk kerchiefs for Rita. Barry and Marleen will split the cost 50/50.
Johnatan, Darren and Lucas will meet for a beer in the evening.
The cake for Zandra's daughter's birthday is still not ready. The party starts tomorrow at Tricia's. Erwin will deliver the cake by bike. Zandra has to make decorations. Tricia is taking care of the food and outside attractions.
Laura didn't get any replies. Sarah is on an island called Linate. Laura and Raf are staying at the same hotel.
Adam has an exam in 10 minutes. Dave and the other students are nervous.
Paul will be home later than he thought. He will call Lena in 15 minutes and then he will tell her what happened.
Bob and Nigel like Felix Laband very much. Nigel went to the concert last night in Paris.
There was a cat on the pitch at Goodison.
Ewan graduated.
Daniel, Michael, Matt and Brian are going to Bosnia and Herzegovina. Brian will pack his passport.
Ross wants to do karaoke tonight. Chandler will record him singing George Michael.
Poppy and Harry prefer Lisbon. Poppy doesn't like parties because they make her tired. Harry prefers sightseeing.
Gyle is on his way home to see what happened yesterday.
Kate's presentation was very good. Three people came to listen to her.
Barbara is home. Sean will come over with the dog. Zac is on his way. They will stay overnight.
Quinn and Kyle are going out tonight. Quinn has GCSES. Kyle is working for his uncle Kev at the building site. Quinn hates school and has to retake the subjects he failed in. Kyle will ask his brother to get them some vodka and cigs. They will meet outside the club at 6.
Dick and his partner are interested in buying an apartment in building 32. Frank will come and see it in 30 minutes. He will bring a measure.
Mia and Steven are going to eat Chinese before the movie starts at 9 pm.
Marshall can't go out tonight because he has no money. Lilly will come over and watch Netflix with him.
James is out of the team because of the coach. He has already texted him.
Stu's IT friend, Alex, downloaded Open Office and some other programs and put them on a CD for Priscilla's new laptop. She bought the software online.
Rita needs some info on Helen's client Salvage Industries. They are into waste disposal. Helen will double check if they have no PR problems.
Ginger will come to Phylis to get some sugar for her pie.
Robert is with his kids now. Anthony will go for a beer with Andrew around 9. In the evening Anthony is taking his lady for a date.
Jill is bored and needs to find a job. Nate will call her when he gets off work.
Jake has just pulled a TOTW. He will try him in one or two matches, but he's not a good fit for his squads.
Victoria and Rosemary are going to record the drums this weekend. Rosemary doesn't have a working laptop. Victoria has a tablet with 2gb ram but it's not enough for recording. They will borrow a laptop from someone.
Jordan got a Thomas the Tank engine birthday card and £20 from Cass.
Jane will be 10 minutes late. She forgot to take the file with the xerox copies. Alex will wait for her by the left entrance.
Ken is depressed today. He had a bad day yesterday. Ellen is worried about him.
Phil got a card from Deana. Constantine was very happy. Deana found a pair of sunglasses in the empty place above the radio in the very back of her car.
Alice's dad is coming over for a month to decorate Jo's place. Kim and Alice will meet on Friday after 8 pm.
Jessica has been to Palermo in Italy. There are the Capuchin Catacombs with 8000 corpses. Most of them were exhibited in their clothes.
Spencer has a lot of commissions coming in. He works 16 hours a week at a cafe and the rest of the week on his illustrations. He probably gets around £1000 a month before commission and tax. He is frugal and spends a lot on rent and bills. Maria wants to go part time next year.
Tim is planning to invite a few people from work over for a newbie gaming evening. Joe ran the local club and gives him some tips on how to organize it.
Richard and Anne have a project due on 15 December. Holy is out of town, but she will do some research tonight and send them back to Richard. Richard and Anne will meet at Starbucks after 3 pm tomorrow to start planning the project.
Gurdun will probably be back at the uni on Wednesday. Gurdun and Russ had flu three months ago. Russ's team won the last match.
Leo shares a funny video with Oliver and Charlie.
Mummy and Thessalia wish each other a happy Christmas.
JP is going to work. He will see Samara later.
Michael can't make it today. He can't leave the office before 8 pm. He will call Tom tomorrow.
Kevin will buy Dan a sandwich on his way to work.
Simon and Charlie are critical of the EU's immigration policy. Poland is one of the last countries unspoilt by uncontrolled migration and terrorism, but there is a risk that internal conflict will rip the country apart.
Tilly had to go for detention. She will be home in about 40 minutes.
Gloria and Mell are going to have a BBQ at Mell's place on Saturday. The kids are out of the house. Gloria will prepare the food and bring dessert.
Whitney will take Hailey to I-max cinemas on the day Aqua Man is released. Shadrack and his girlfriend will accompany them.
Jacob got a punchbag for Christmas. Jenny got training shoes. George got a cooking pot. His wife wants him to help her in the kitchen.
Lincoln broke Hudson's toilet seat. He will buy a new one.
Katherine is going to bring her around 11. Kayla finishes at 11.
Lorena got a new desk and needs Martin's help with assembly instructions. He can't help her today, but will do it tomorrow.
Ralph asked Everett for Amy's number. Everett introduced him to Amy at the pub last week.
Ross has to work tonight. It will take him 3 hours. Ross and Diane are going to chill at home.
Ed believes sex is for married people only to make babies. Valerie, Chris, Atnee, Lor, Jessica and Matt disagree.
Cristina and Gaya will meet at Gaya's studio next week to discuss the shoot.
Matt and Tony want to go to Bon Jovi's concert in Warsaw next July. Phil will think about it.
Dan split the food from the BBQ equally. There are no leftovers for Sara. Gery and Eric cooked their own chicken and asparagus.
Harper and Camila are going to watch Ugly Truth tonight.
Michael and Vanessa are on their way to the birthday party. Peter is stuck in a traffic jam. Half of the guests are already here. There was an accident. Harry will be late.
Callan has a problem with his Samsung S8. It overheats and then it takes a while for it to restart again. He's going to the store to have it checked. It's still under warranty.
Mike is in London.
Andrea can't come to work today because she needs to take her son to the doctor.
Phil is in a huge queue at the shop. He will be home in an hour. Nancy will make an apple pie.
Bryan's manager will send the payment to Piper tonight.
Richie and Clay are excited about Pogba's strike.
Sybille is trying to make an online registration for the flight AF3581 from Minneapolis to Paris the 29th, but she only get an error message. Her son couldn't get his flight yesterday, so she asked for it to be postponed. The flight is operated by Delta Airlines. Sybille's son has to sleep in the airport, with no luggage. Air France will send her a new ticket.
Natalia, Harriet and Lara will book the flight today.
Hans wants Slade to come to the practice now and bring the ball.
Holt's sister is 21. She will get a set of DVDs and cosmetics for her birthday.
Roxana and Summer advise Georgia to buy it.
Miley doesn't want to go to work tomorrow.
Greg is coming to BG for a business trip. He will stay for two nights at Nina's place. Nina will pick him up from work.
Amal likes Beyonce's tweet.
Alexa hasn't seen the last America's Got Talent. She likes the girl and thinks she might win the edition.
Kelly still hasn't received the rent money. John sent it to the wrong account. John will ask the bank to re-send the money to the right account tomorrow.
James is going to work.
Lilian's phone battery died, so she called her parents and told them she is at Helen's place.
Barbara asked Freddy to sing at the school concert on Friday. Freddy will send Simon three tracks. Simon will play guitar on one or two of the tracks.
Tommy got home alright. His mum didn't pick him up from the station, so he had to take a bus. He liked the weekend. Wayne will send him the pictures on their way. They will talk in the evening.
Tobias and Trevor will meet for a beer at 9 at Tobias's place.
Autumn hasn't checked the tests for a month because the dress wouldn't sew itself. She will show Israel the photos of the dress soon.
Henny wishes Frances a happy New Year. Frances is just back from the Vosges. She had a great week there and didn't spend much money. She cooked and had meals in a local.
Paula can't get past 637 levels in the game. She will look for cheat codes online.
There is an ad for a computer investigator and you can earn almost 80 thou. Bethany can't imagine talking to stupid users all day.
Jackie's sister called her to tell her she got pregnant. Jackie is worried about her because having kids and raising them takes a lot of money. Jackie's brother-in-law earns well and doesn't have any debt.
Mike, Joseph and Sean are going to the lecture tomorrow morning. They all make notes, but they are not going to share them with Sean.
Anna has a stomachache. She ate cereal with milk and a banana for breakfast. Joanna is in her room. Anna will get her a hot tea with some fresh mint leaves.
Ziggler will bring his passport tomorrow.
Jeff and Kate are in the room next to the reception. The woman making a cake is working in the small room under the stairs. Someone ordered a cake with a huge penis and balls and chocolate hair.
Larry and Kirsten are going to vote on insurance. They will consult with Jamie and John. They want to see a menorah in the lobby next year.
Chloe is going to Megan's house tonight. Lesley wants her to take the dog for a walk. Chloe will come home and let the dog out.
Tobias found Natalie's wallet in her room.
Phil is on his way from one client to another. Rob needs to talk to Phil in person. Phil is out of town. Phil will be in Rob's office tomorrow morning.
Martin is asexual. He wants to break up with Nicole, but she doesn't want to give it a try.
Mike woke up with an allergic reaction.
David wants to get a new tattoo but doesn't know what to get. Mike will go get one with him.
William is making spaghetti. Olivia will buy some fresh tomatoes and Beth will have some chocolate for after the dinner.
There is a big traffic jam on the road from the swimming pool to Waitrose. Karen would avoid it if she were Peter. Peter has to finish a presentation for the repairs team tomorrow and Eileen wanted him to do it.
Matt and Nick don't know what internet connection they have. Matt needs it for the application. Nick usually uses his mobile service.
There is a match next week. Baron sends a link to the calendar. Gabriel and Gavin will add people from their group to the match.
Mia, Jennifer and Karine are critical of Donald Trump.
Madison found an offer for Thailand. Tickets cost a lot, but the rest is extra cheap. Children under 12 get 50% off.
Tina is constantly getting messages from Patrick on Facebook. Demi advises her how to change her attitude towards men and how to be more chill with them. Tina and Demi are going to meet.
Nanna has broken her leg, so Freddie will have to visit her instead. Mummy and Daddy will come when they can.
Mark, Clint and Phil are going to see 'Batman' this Saturday at 7. Mark will get tickets for them.
Andy has done some tests on the mould in Betty's spare bedroom upstairs and in the dinign room. The mould is caused by condensation. Andy recommends a fan system, or PIV system, which would circulate air to dilute and take some moisture out of the air. Andy will send Betty a detailed quote for the work by Friday.
Warren locked the door.
Claire and Aaron are going to a conference about relations at school. Aaron is giving two lectures. Jo is having a workshop on teamwork. Aaron has taken a mindfullness workshop in Berlin last year.
Rob wants to sell his flat. He moved in a year ago. The flat is too small for a baby. Rob has a friend who is relocating to another city and offers a good price.
Evan talked to Ethan about the function and he might not come. Evan will try to make him come.
Daisy is in Naples. She took a ferry early in the morning yesterday. She will be there from 1-5 September. Charlie wants to meet her again. He will take a train to Florence.
Adele is still listening to the song Kode recommended her. Kode has it in his music library for 3 years. He will give Adele the whole album in USB.
Leah told Ian that he dumped her years ago. Ian doesn't know Claire. They met for the first time 1,5 years ago and he doesn't remember her name.
Violet is going on vacation and is looking for a good waxing salon. She has a lot of ingrown hairs.
Linda will follow Suzy on Instagram.
Sean reminds Rick about the trade deadline today. John needs a quarterback. John might have rights to Lamar Jackson, but he's on waivers. John has never seen a team trade a big time RB or WR for a QB this late in the season.
Amelia's mum was on a diet and she gained 5 pounds.
Carrie has just seen Fantastic Beasts. Gina saw it last week and she loved Eddie Redmayne as Newt. Alex is thinking of going this weekend with Lane, but he's seen some bad reviews.
Emily's favourite colour is blue.
Mary lives in Southampton. She moved there in December.
He got fired 2 days ago and thrown out of school.
Alex likes the flash better than Batman.
Marek found a nice piece of ass on the escalator in a shopping mall.
It's supposed to rain so the river bank parties are not an option. Mark and Daniel will have drinks at Daniel's place tonight. Daniel's sister is visiting. Mark hasn't seen Hannah for 14 years.
Bart bombed his economy final and ended up with a bad score. He didn't study as much as he should have, because he was playing StarCraft. Adrian didn't do that bad, he got a reasonable grade. Bart is not going to play games during school anymore.
Margot bought a bottle of nice wine for Nancy's birthday. Yvonne hasn't bought anything yet.
Lindsay and Finlay came to Elliot's birthday party. Elliot loved it.
Jennifer and Reece are going to watch "Mad Max" together tomorrow evening.
Sean's spirit animal is a tortoise.
Mary has just given birth to a baby girl.
Patti's cat is fine. Patti will pop home and fetch the cage after work around 5.
Kate is at the grocery store. She will buy an apple and a tangerine for George.
Sam wants to buy earphones from Lia. They are new and cost £187. Sam will buy the white ones.
Kelly, Meghan and Mary are going to wear red dresses.
Kate will borrow Emilly's blue handbag for Monica's wedding on Friday. Emilly will bring it to the office tomorrow.
Gina will come to Monica's office to pick up a free usb.
Nathan wants to buy himself a bike in spring. His apartment is small and he doesn't want to hang it on the wall. He also has a stationary bike that he rides 25 km everyday. His goal for the summer is 100 km.
Parker and Jason like DC Universe better than Marvel Universe. Jason has downloaded the latest episode of Arrow season 7 and will text Parker when it's done.
Michael is at the airport on his way back from a 2-week trip to Argentina, Brazil and Chile. He will be in Boston next weekend. He has a conference on the 8th of December. He wants to leave London and look for a new job abroad.
Jacob will pick up the fruits from Carol's garden on Wednesday at 6 pm.
Molly can't think today. It's the silly season.
Janette has mice in her kitchen.
Lawrence will finish the article in a few minutes. The piece needs to be ready by today.
Julia's parents are having a fight over where to eat. She doesn't want to eat with them anymore. She will call Ronald when she gets back.
Guido doesn't understand Agata's posts on Facebook. Agata doesn't speak to her husband in Chinese language.
Alejandro and Luz are going to meet for the first time in 2 weeks. Luz will be there on 20th December at 4 PM. Alejandro will pick her up.
Sam started the career mode in FIFA 19.
Ethan will buy a kebab for Damian. Damian had a rough day.
Adam will be there in less than 24 hours. His plane has been rescheduled and he will arrive one hour later. It's been half a year since his last visit.
Matthew has a cold. Lisa advises him to drink orange juice and make soup.
Joyce can't take the car because the car is making a weird noise. Kyle will get Harry by bus because he's already running late.
Bailey's closet got too small and now the fabric is creeping onto the shelves. Mikaela had to buy a box at Ikea.
Susan spent a romantic weekend with Toby. They stayed in a 4-star hotel near the seaside. They left on Friday afternoon and got back on Sunday evening. Melissa will send Susan some photos.
Olivia is having fun with her grand daughter Linta. Eva will be leaving in an hour to go home and every one else would be leaving too. Olivia will keep her ready and bring a bottle of milk.
Jack will be 10 minutes late. Laura will wait inside.
Melissa is not ok with men grabbing women whenever they feel like it. Hailey had a friend get yelled at by a girl for 5 minutes because he held the door for her and said “Ladies first”.
Zoe sends Frank a video.
Josie doesn't like Eco's "Foucault's Pendulum". She would like to read one of his novels in Italian, but she's not sure her level of Italian is adequate. She read Salman Rushdie's review of Pendulum and he hated it.
Evan has got the flu and has been off college since Tuesday. He cancels his lesson with Dennis for next Thursday.
Amanda is going to a free concert in the city park around 9 pm. Patrick and Camille will join her.
Bobby is annoyed by pharmaceuticals, medicine and drugs. He was watching a film last night. In the commercial they mentioned a name of an illness that Bobby has never heard of. He did some research and found out it's not an illness. The pharmaceutical industry is worth at least $1.2 billion today.
Dave sends Greg his notes from statistics. Greg doubts his notes are better than Dave's.
Mark is going out in a sec. Sally doesn't feel well. Mark will pick her up.
Joy and Sandy will meet on Friday at 11 am. Sandy is going for a run, so she may be late. Lina found Joy's dresses nice, but she thinks they have too much cleavage.
It's raining. Val and Candy will wait half an hour to see if the rain stops.
Ted kept plasters until this morning after his shower.
Lily will call Kyle in 10 minutes on Facetime.
Taylor is throwing a party at his house tomorrow at 8 PM. His parents are away.
Jeremy hasn't received the grant yet. Tomas is broke and checking his bank account every hour. Sierra will lend him some money.
Charles and Camilla are going to visit the German markets in Birmingham and Manchester this weekend. They will have sausages, beer and mulled wine.
Zoe and Xiara didn't apply for the RGS grant last year. Pamela will have a look at their website.
Ava is shorter than a penguin.
Ursula got a 93 on her French exam. Jana got a 65.
There was an emergency at school today. Three engines and ambulance came, but it was a drill.
Perry, Marlow and Forster will meet tomorrow at 8 pm at Perry's place to talk about their holiday plans to Asia.
Lee is confused as to why the digital wizard client manager who normally wears only hoodies, just put on a proper dress shirt and a suit jacket. He has a presentation after work. Lee bought RoS CE. Pre-ordering opened up a hero in a game not yet released.
Boris will bring home the clothes that are hanging outside.
Barry, Jake, Dave and Kelly are going to march in Women's strike. They will meet around the campus at noon.
John and Laurel will meet tomorrow at Jade's collection at around 5 pm to buy a birthday gift for Diana.
Rachel has a new siamese cat named Portia. She loves it, but she doesn't like the fact that she's allergic to cats.
After the wedding there will be an after party at Mark's house. Matthew and Kristina are going.
Russel and Diana will buy a present for mum.
Amy looks serious at all times. Neither Owen nor Neil have talked to her. Penny and Owen will meet Amy in person.
Rachel and Wai are going to the museum. They will meet at 4 at the main entrance. After that they will go to some bar. Rachel is worried they won't like her. Wai assures her they always welcome new people to their team. Rachel doesn't know what she's supposed to do yet.
Robert is not in town.
It's Dorothea's birthday today. She's going to meet Tom and they're going to eat something in the town. Elena wishes her all the best and invites her to her party on Saturday.
Jules and Derek don't have class tomorrow.
Ainsley is sick and can't help Jane with her thesis.
Lydia's legs are amazing after months at the gym.
Mick has never done any student exchanges before. He's going to a club with his friends for Halloween. His grandma is ill, so he can't go to London with her. Amka is going to stay in. In Poland they don't celebrate Halloween.
Karine and Jessie were at kindergarten.
Mae's dress is not ready yet, but she hopes to have it soon.
Fiona is in love with Conrad, who is 5 years younger than her. She can't stand it when she's in one room with him and when she comes back home after the class she can't do anything but listen to the music. Wanda convinces her to do something about it.
The situation in Kongo is terrible. There is too much money involved. The elections were not done properly.
Margaret and Evans will meet on 4th and 11th of December at 10:00 and 11:00. They will also meet on 14th.
Joanne wants to talk to Bradley, but he's busy at work now.
Pete will be home in 1 hour.
Iris is trying to remove herself from an expense. Luke, George and Gerardo will need to add her towards the car rental price.
Ola will be free by 8. Kurt will call her.
Conny has to write a paper for next week. She did most of her research on the internet. Fitz advised her to go to the library.
Louis and Archie think Melanie looks like Melanie when she had straight hair.
Carly is shocked that she asked him.
Kirsten is going bowling with her youth group this Friday at 7 pm.
He's looking at Sam when she doesn't see him. He's shy. Sam will talk to him tomorrow.
Jess had a dream about being a lion tamer last night and wants to share it with Charlie and Lynn. Lynn doesn't believe in dreams, but she thinks they can be telling us something. Charlie believes they reflect the subconsciousness of the brain.
Charles thinks he might have gluten intolerance. He feels weird recently, bloated and he gain weight even though he doesn't eat much. He had a basic blood test and everything is fine. He should stop eating gluten for a month and see if he feels better.
Ulysses and Peter got an A and Julia got a B. Martha can check their grades online.
Andrew doesn't like the Polish joke about sinking a battleship in water.
Linda missed the train. The next one is in one hour. It cost 80 euros.
Martha wants to buy the lenses from Ophelia's profile picture. They are from Crazy Lenses. They have reasonable prices and fast shipping.
Linda is on a flower market right now. She wants to buy flowers for her mother, but she doesn't know which one she likes. Michael suggests tulips, roses and freesias.
Tim will be about twenty minutes late for the main presentation. Gary will try to delay it.
Leslie will pick up Mark from the airport on Thursday at 4. Marcus has a meeting at 1. Anna will call him and give him Leslie's number.
Lewandowska has measles. Anyone who had contact with her within the last couple of days must get vaccinated. She is Joanna's thesis mentor. They are organizing vaccinations in the main building from 17th until 19th. Joanna will try to do it before work on 18th.
Thelma doesn't have anything to wear. Louisa will bring her her red velvet dress.
Joseph will take his car to the opera.
Carl is waiting for Meg, but she needs 5 more minutes as she lost her key somewhere.
Kim and Ben will meet tonight for pizza with coke.
Stanley is alive and well thanks to autocorrect.
Maria is fed up with her job.
Ryanair has cancelled flights affecting 400,000 passengers. Luke has booked another flight with easyjet. Elijah's 2 flights are confirmed.
Rachel's aunt was in an accident. Some jackass was speeding and didn't see the red light. He will pay for the rehabilitation. Rachel will hug her aunt.
Monica got drunk and kissed Ross at the office party two months ago. Now Monica is pregnant. Ross is married.
Luke got his ass kicked surfing today. He had 0 waves, 3 wipeouts and 1 surfboard to the head. The low tide is 2:22 pm tomorrow.
Benjamin didn't go to Friday night's basketball game because his mom is sick. His team won 101-98. Benjamin will go to the next game next weekend.
Jamilla reminds Kiki and Yoyo that the audition starts at 7.30 PM on Antena 3.
Marta accidentally sent a gif to Agnieszka and Weronika.
There was a meet and greet with James Charles in one of the malls in Birmingham and about 8000 fans showed up. British media made some negative comments on it.
Rachel sent Janice a list of the Top 50 Best Films of 2018. Janice has watched almost all of them. She also watched Deadpool 2 twice and Avengers twice.
num_beams: 20
 rouge1: 53.776456459779844
 rouge2: 28.75892571791152
 rougeL: 44.71898416434069
 rougeLsum: 49.457860654825545
 bert-score: 0.7199291108728765

Amanda can't find Betty's number. Larry called her last time they were at the park. Amanda will text him.
Eric and Rob like his stand-up. There are some more stand-ups on youtube.
Lenny will buy the first or the third pair of purple trousers from Bob.
Emma doesn't want to cook tonight. She will be home soon. Will will pick her up.
Jane is back from her trip to Morocco. Ollie and Jane will have lunch together on Friday at 6 pm. Jane brought the pastries.
Benjamin, Elliot, Daniel and Hilary are going to have lunch with French people who work on the history of food in colonial Mexico at La Cantina at 2 pm. They will try to avoid talking about their subject of research.
Payton likes browsing, trying on, looking in the mirror and seeing how she looks. She usually buys things from 2 or 3 shops. She also loves reading.
Rita and Tina hate their work.
Beatrice is in town, shopping. She will buy a scarf for Leo. Last winter Leo had a cold all the time.
Eric doesn't know if he's coming to Ivan's brother's wedding. Ivan will take care of Eric's parents.
Wanda and Gina are going to have a party on Friday. Wanda needs to make a list first. Gina will take her father's car and go grocery shopping with her.
Martin won two cinema tickets online. He will see the new film with Redford till the end of the week.
Charlee is in class preparing a performance in Portuguese. The writer is Mrożek.
Ella rented a car.
Luke will join Paul's Netflix family. Paul will send Luke the login and password on Sunday. Luke will wire Paul the money every month. Paul has been on holidays for less than 8 days.
Betsy can't pick up Johnny because she has to work long hours. Greg will see what he can do.
Ethan, Marshall and Toby are making fun of Scott.
Igor has a lot of work to do at work. He's on his notice period. It's only two weeks left.
Clara is rewatching Dear White People on Netflix. It's about a fictional Ivy League University and the students in one House of Residence. The main character, Sam, presents a radio show on college radio. There is a Blackface party held by an elite group of white students. The black students try to break it up and Reggie gets a loaded gun pointed at him by a campus policeman. Lionel is coming to terms with being gay and is finding his voice as a journalist.
Mike parked his car in the garage today. Someone crashed into a red Honda looking like his.
Deirdre and Beth are planning a girls weekend for Beth's mum's 40th birthday. Beth wants to work in a beauty salon. Deirdre will give her a tenner or so per session. Beth will meet Maxine tomorrow after school.
Gloria has 4 hours for the exam. She has sent Emma some texts from previous years. Emma is going to read everything from the website.
May is depressed and doesn't want to see a specialist. Karen will call her friend who is a psychologist.
Mark lied to Anne that he is 30, when in fact he is 40.
It's Wharton's birthday next week. Darlene, Walker and Heather will buy him a paper shredder at the party tomorrow.
Kelly doesn't want Mickey and Jessica to go to a sculpture garden in Finnland because she finds it creepy. Ollie finds it similar to Nagoro village in Japan.
Myah sends Selah a phone number. Selah can't see the phone number very well. The phone of that person is off.
Bella and Eric's boss appreciated their decision to dismiss the request of client. He was looking forward to bringing in new clients.
Emma is at the rare of the bus. Ben will wake her up around 4.15. They are going to arrive to NY around 4:30 PM.
Jesse, Melvin, Lee and Maxine will chip in for Refuge's Christmas foundation to help women and children who escape from abuse.
Carter will lend Mary a few box in an hour at the train station.
Paula explains to Charlotte how to pronounce 'Natal lily'.
Jack and May will have a drink later.
Margaret has a terrible headache. Jack should buy her some painkillers.
Serge is on his way to pick up the film equipment for tonight's shooting. He has an outstanding bill with the company. He will let Andrei know if it works out.
Janice will not get her son a hamster for his birthday. Martina got one for her son and it stank up the whole house.
Mary and Lucas love DA II. Daniel has just started playing and he's trying to get used to the mechanics.
Judy is always attracted to jerks. Andrew wanted to fuck her but when he got what he wanted, he stopped calling and texting. Bruce is sweet but too sweet for Judy.
Chloe is on tv. James has found it.
Ala is on her way to a meeting. She will let Tina know how it went.
It's been a year since Sebastian and his partner moved here. Sebastian is satisfied with his decisions. Kevin wishes he had such a person by his side. Sebastian wants to win the lottery.
Son will try to come home this weekend.
Ola and Momo are on holiday in Cuba. Momo has recovered from her injury and frolicking again. Ola has lost her scarf. Kate suggests that Ola should buy a new one.
Mary doesn't have John's number, so Mike should ask Mary.
Wujek Janek has twins.
Stephen took Josh's notebook. Jack will bring it tomorrow.
Adele got a new 4-month-old biscuit lab called Bones. The other dogs keep their distance, Poppy and Lulu seem to mother him, Speedy wants to play. Lola can't wait to see him.
Kristian and Tabora are playing games.
Cathy left her sunglasses at Broken's. She will come to pick them up at 10 tonight.
Petra and Andy are sleepy at work. Ezgi is working.
Nick wants to meet up for a drink with Jane, but she doesn't want to go that far.
Julia didn't know that Tim is gay. Adam's friend saw Tim with a guy.
Lilly will be late. Gabriel will order some food for her.
Celine will drop by Cara's place in the evening.
Derek will help Craig with his computer in 20 minutes.
Emma wants to take a stroll with the kids, but Abigail doesn't think it's a good idea as the smog alert app is showing that the norms have been exceeded by 30% today.
Paul will get red roses for Cindy.
Jenny left her credit card at the shop. She can pick it up whenever she comes.
Lara will come to Tom's birthday party at 5 pm. She will pick up the cake and get the balloons.
Paul is close to the Mac. Laura has been waiting 30 minutes for him. Paul will be there in 15 minutes.
Hugh and Salma like the latest cat meme.
Matt and Oliver got into Stanford. Peter didn't get into Stanford and has to look for a new university.
Jake informs Nadia and Vanessa that they don't have English today because Smith called in sick.
Brandon lost his credit card. He blocked it in the bank but it will take time before he gets a new one. Luke is broke. Ian will lend Brandon $100.
Inez, Alicja, Gosia and Patrycja enjoyed their evening at the restaurant Inez sent. They will go again on Wednesday.
Catherine will visit her grandma tomorrow. She will call Ana when she wakes up.
Edson is booking his ticket now.
Jane and Steven will meet at the main entrance at 4:30 instead of 5.
Morgan and Suzanne are going to a Maroon 5 concert next week. Morgan has two tickets.
Julia hasn't read this book yet. The last one she read was Die again from 2014. The city library is organizing a meeting with Tess.
Ali left his wallet at Mohammad's place yesterday. He will bring it to uni tomorrow.
Laura and Linda will go to an Italian restaurant tomorrow. Linda loves their pasta and brownie.
Natalie, Martin, Margot and Mia will come to Anna's birthday on 6th November at 1930.
Mia and Elliot are going out for drinks after work tonight. Elliot will pick Mia up.
Jayden doesn't want to have children now, but maybe in the future when he has a good job and is financially independent. He wishes he could just have sex and wait for a baby while having a normal life.
Steve informs Gulab that USA won last night. England and Croatia are playing tomorrow at 2:00.
John is coming in 10 minutes and wants Ela to give him his walle outside. Ela's phone is busy.
Mary's sister is mad at Mark because he told her Mary is doing an online job. She is asking everyone and trying to get to the people Mary works for.
Fiona is preparing a dinner for Chris. Tina will help her prepare the tart. Fiona bought the crust, but she didn't have the filling.
Peadar, James, Anne and Oli are going for a drink at Jesus bar around 9.15. Clare is not in town. Annette is sick. Oli couldn't find anyone.
Ryan and Sebastian are worried about the situation in Ukraine.
Finn and Zadie will go to the neighborhood called Elephant and Castle tomorrow. They will meet at 2 pm at the main entrance.
Jacob forgot to listen to the song Harry sent him 3 days ago. He will do it tonight.
Someone locked the door from outside and Max can't let Ray in. Max will ask his roommates to open the door for him.
Harry has just bought a new sofa and needs pillows. Kim will buy him grey ones.
Josh needs to buy an iPad. Brian recommends Samsung, Xiaomi or Sony. Brian can get Samsung cheaper for Josh. Josh will call Brian after work.
Nathalie and Olafur are going to Soho for New Year's Eve. They need to buy tickets soon.
Andy is watching Arrow B. He has a quiz tomorrow.
Kim is looking for a place where she can get some fresh ramal fish in Warsaw. Margot suggests the marketplace at Polna street or restaurants' menus. Kim has already tried Polna, but didn't find it. Kim will grill the fish for a special occasion.
Tom and Ben are meeting at 2 pm in the Oval Room. They are going to fight Ben.
Ashleigh got the job. She and Peter are going to the cinema.
Reed's Saturday was alright, Danna's was boring. She called 5-8 of her friends, but they weren't around or busy. Reed doesn't have a tv, because their subscription expired and they want them to pay for it. He's in bed now. He has no work tomorrow.
Alivia has problems finding research materials for her thesis. She finds the topic interesting and she doesn't mind reading articles and books, but when she's supposed to write, she blank out and can't type a single word without thinking she sounds stupid. Antonio advises her to just write and edit it later.
Maddie is in Asda. John will buy white bread and some apples.
Jordan is going to Brad's funeral tonight. Elliot will call him at 8 pm.
Flo can't get into the salon until the 6th. She's going to be gray. Gina will get her a touch-up kit at Tesco.
Rob is at the grocery store. Ann can't join him because she has a meeting. Rob will buy cucumber, tomatoes, bananas, apples and some fruit and vegetables.
Melany doesn't remember the last time she had sex.
Eric's favorite professor is talking about the recent scandal on the news. Noah is the smartest person alive.
Jacky thinks David was right yesterday. Jacky will call David when she gets home.
Rick is in Cancun. It's a quarter to one in the morning here. Rick and Chris will skype tomorrow at 3 pm Chris' time.
Ying has 10 years of service. Helen, Norma and Zazu are impressed.
Missy gets out of work at 6. She will meet Daniel for drinks after dinner.
Adelle will clean the hamster cage after school.
Maya will buy 5 earplugs for Randolph at the pharmacy.
David is coming home for Christmas next week. Jane will get him an ipad. David will order it online and have it shipped home.
Isabella enjoyed listening to Betty's work yesterday. Isabella invites Betty to do something together.
Amy will get back to Hollie later.
Huda and Alex are going swimming in 2 hours.
Janet, Alison, Nicole, Cheryl, Arlene, Linda, Leslie, Eric and Sue are disgusted by Donald Trump's absence at the ceremony.
Rashi is confused about her career options. Teacher advises her to choose a career based on what interests her.
Corbin wants to report school violence in Jungang high school to the department in charge of school violence. The student who is the victim of the violence is Corbin's friend. Dimitri will call Corbin now.
Marta is looking for a technician to fix PC's. Pablo is on vacation this week, but Cynthia or Elena might know someone.
Ann's dad is turning 50. He watches a lot of military movies and is afraid of heights. Ann was planning dinner with the whole family, but there should be something special for his birthday. Fiona suggests some team play and Ann likes it. Fiona's mum is not into military, but she has to accept it.
Jenson is not happy with Alene. Jenson thinks Alene may have a depression. Alene won't go to the doctor. Fatima is worried about Alene and Jenson.
Bob will clean the bathroom for Lisa.
Luke and Martial will let Jose know they are available for team selection tomorrow. They will meet at carrington and go to his office early in the morning.
Julie and Emily exchange Christmas wishes.
Ricky doesn't like his new neighbours, because they are noisy and have a parakeet.
Brenda and Sandra used to work together in the clothes factory. Brenda lives in Stoke now, moved away from Brum in the late 90s. Sandra lives in Kings Norton with her 4 grandchildren, ages 2, 4, 9 and 15. Brenda's husband Bill died 5 years ago. Brenda and Sandra will meet next Saturday around 11ish and go for lunch and a trip down memory lane.
John and Joan will go see "A Star is Born" on Thursday around 8 pm.
George and Donna will meet at George's place tonight to discuss a delicate matter.
Louis has to go because his mom is calling him.
Irene wants to go shopping with her little boy. She wants to buy him something. Crystal doesn't want to go with Irene.
Tony sends Amy and Lucas a photo of a cat.
Matt and Thomas are going to Dawid Podsiadlo's concert.
Chris pushed some girls into the pool because they were soaking wet.
Jeff, Lia and Mico are going to the village party.
Paul will couch the game on Saturday.
Luke's train arrives at 3 pm. Jacob is at work until 5. Fred will pick Luke up at 3:15.
Jack is going to the casting this time. Ryan will join him.
Evelyn will stay at home for the holidays. Joanne is going back home. She always liked spending Christmas with her family, but her parents separated a few months ago. She will try to cheer her mother up.
Raul had a bad night last night. He started off with a fag and then he had weird dreams about his uncle.
Angie has severe stomach pain. Dr McCormick will see her in an hour. Ms. Quinn has signed Angie up and she will tell the doctor she's coming.
Kelvin and Naheeda will sit for their CAT 2 during the statistics class.
Linda, Ronnie and Karen will have pasta for lunch at the pasta joint next to their apartment. They will take the takeout boxes to the park.
Marty has sprained his ankle. Christine will pick up Marcel from school around 4. She will take him to the doctor tomorrow morning.
Cameron will have to stay out of town for another week, so he won't be able to bring Peyton a video game.
Alicja has a job interview tomorrow.
Paul forgot about his physiotherapy appointment. He will schedule a new one. Emma will be home after midnight. Paul will prepare some food for her.
Sean overslept again.
Chris invites Tom to join him and his brother in their jacuzzi in their garden.
Cindy will call Ela to tell her Harry needs to talk urgently.
Mike didn't take the dog for a walk. Adam will take him with him.
Murphy is going to Poanań on Tuesday in the afternoon.
Gaia has a lot of work at the university. She has 6 exams this term, one of them is hard.
Mr. Williams and Ms. Blair will meet for a coffee at 2 pm near the square in a side alley.
Jeff has a skin allergy. He doesn't have to take meds all the time. Tina has the same allergy and she takes meds daily.
Kristina and Estefania are watching America's top model on tv. Jannette just got home.
Daniel will be in Bologna for 2 hours. Simone may come in December for a weekend.
Mike can't talk right now. He will call Dale back in 2 hours.
Timmy had a bad day at work because his boss yelled at him. Gemma invites Timmy to her bbq at the weekend.
Pat will come in the evening, around 9pm. She didn't catch the train, because she has another project to finish. Bart will open the door for her. They will see each other tomorrow. Pat is not a painter.
Erin will interview Ashley at the camp. They will meet at the pool or restaurant. Ashley is sitting in the back.
Maria, Kate, Sam and Tommy are preparing for the conference. Tommy will prepare a prezi. The conference costs $10 a month for academics.
Jeanice worked for 8 hours tonight. Marcus argued with his friend, but they didn't fight. Marcus has been behaving in a strange way recently. Jeanice will let Maxwell know if they can meet for a coffee some time.
Mike, Tom and Ben will go for a beer.
Leah met a creepy guy at the poetry reading last night. They both speak German. He asked her about an event she had attended and named all her friends. He wentogled her out because he thought she had a crush on him. He tried to walk Leah home.
Nicky left Sam's place. Her phone is off.
Ken wants his money back from Greg.
Tom will send Alexander a message when he will be in the taxi. He arrived safely, but without luggages.
The university organises a carnival party for children.
Ian is looking for his green folder. He was sure he left it on the dining room table, but maybe Alex put it somewhere.
Simon can't talk. Simon will be free at 5.
Jen is angry at her partner for not giving her back the money she owes him. She is going to tell him to move out. Jane advises her to cut her losses and move on.
Poppy is not preparing anything for dinner tonight. Dean will grab something on his way home. She won't be home tonight. She will see Dean tomorrow.
Gab would love to meet Kat in real life. Kat doesn't meet strange men from the internet.
Agatha's economics presentation is ready. She used recent research.
Sally and Tim are going to see Imagine Dragons at ABC Theatre on 12 July.
Bez's car has a low brake fluid level. Kate took it to the garage next to Willig today and everything was fine. The car passed general inspection only in June. Bez will be back home on 21st in the evening.
Laura will visit her parents next Saturday. She has a lot of work due to a project. Keith will cook lasagne for her.
Pegah is in class till 15:00 and then she works from 17:00 till about 21:30. She will be back at 22:00. Miriam invited a few people over.
Robert will help with Tom's birthday. He will pick up the balloons from the store in the city centre.
Shelly is volunteering at the food shelter this year. Tracy is not into that. Jody does charity work every year during Christmas.
Max sent Jim his latest project. Jim will listen to it when he gets home.
Shannon hasn't heard the new 30 seconds to mars album. Kane recommends it to her.
Andy will visit Paul in 1 hour to drink coffee and talk about politics.
Caroline is close to having sex with Ross or Chandler again.
Ron sent Josh something he wants him to have.
Phoebe's mum is angry at her because she used her perfume and broke it.
Rob and Eve will meet on Sunday. Eve has some stuff to do around 3.
Betty sends Sandra a photo of a man who takes care of animals. Sandra's ex-boyfriend recently confessed to her that he had been thinking about their split-up recently. Betty will be at Sandra's place at 6.
Anna has an app where she can choose her sex and then add photos of clothes. Peter has 3 or 4 shirts, 2 pairs of trousers and 2 jackets.
Dan got an injection with anaesthesis, but it doesn't work any more and it hurts. Dan is quite swollen compared to yesterday.
Archie is arriving from Southampton around midnight. He will be travelling to Judah by bus.
Chloe hasn't watched the series yet, because she's been busy this week. She'll watch it at the weekend.
Lauren wants to get a small bird tattoo above the ankle. Nelly won't get one ever. Tessie knows a couple of guys who do it.
Wendy thinks the upstairs toilet might be blocked. The toilet has been a problem since they got the house. David and Wendy can't afford to pay the plumber this month. They will have to wait until the next paycheck.
There is left-hand traffic on the left in Rowen's country.
Tom wants to go to Robinson Crusoe's island. Jonathan, Oscar and Kit think it's insane.
Titus will help Emely with a difficult task.
Aldo sent Marco his article. Marco will print it and read it now. It's 12 pages long.
Harris's friend Aoki died yesterday. Harris is thinking the worst. Harris hasn't seen Aoki for a few months as she lives in Michigan.
Hannah has a lot of New Year's resolutions. She's going to lose weight and exercise everyday. She wants to learn how to cook and start meal prepping. She also wants to find her future husband. Brooklyn doesn't make any resolutions.
Trevor is having sex with Abigail's father, a church pastor. They don't have any condoms, so Trevor is planning to pull out at the last moment.
Julia and Gail are addicted to social media. They like looking at photos of their friends and sharing stuff with them. Gail likes to spy on people. Em is dating a guy from work. Jessica is thinking about going on diet. Hillary thinks Julia overdo it and has no life in real life.
Miranda called Tom yesterday. She knows Anne and Tom are dating.
Ella asks Barbara and Eva to confirm that they are coming and if they have any dietary requirements for the catering company.
Sarah will arrive in New York this Thursday. Joshua will be waiting for her gift.
Allison got a scholarship. She will celebrate it with Sarah and Maya.
Abdellilah and Sam will see each other in the morning around 9.
Betty and Phil are going to see two comedies and one thriller at the cinema tonight. They are meeting at 6 pm near the theatre. They will go for a short walk before the movie and have a stroll afterwards. Betty will prepare dinner at home.
Robert is looking for a new job. He got laid off after his huge success in the Ukraine. Serge wants Robert to send him his CV.
Lily had an amazing night with Thomas. He is Romanian, from an extremely rich family, and he studies at LSE.
Sam is looking for a black dress for his wife as a surprise gift. Sarah fashion sends him a few pictures of dresses she has made and suggests he can mix and match them to create a new design. Sam decides to order the dress on the website.
Kamden hasn't seen Mckinley in a while, because he's been off social media. Kamden uses chat on Facebook to keep up with good friends, but he doesn't spend a lot of time there.
Mike is going to the gym and then home. Jason will come over and they will play Destiny 2 on PS4.
Linda is moving to Ohio for 6 months. Daisy will help her pack. They will meet before she leaves.
Hayden has 1 month to write her thesis. She is interested in African studies. She would like to work as a flight attendant, but she doesn't want to risk every time.
Alan has found a product that has no sugar, no taste, and additional cinnamon flavoring. The whiskey goes well with the cinnamon.
Yaz and Mary are going to slimming club tonight. Yaz will pick Mary up at 6.
Aaliyah and Camille are having classes at 342 on the second floor. Camille is sick.
Dan sent Nathan a video of a cat having a spiritual moment.
William has been in line for 20 minutes. He will be back in 5 minutes.
Jake booked 3 tickets for 7 pm tomorrow with a 30% discount.
Freddie is watching Mad Men on Netflix. Kelly has just finished The Crown. Bob recommends Grimm or Sabrina. Greg is watching House of Cards. Alan is catching up with Friends.
Toni and his friends went to San Sebastian last year. They stayed in an airbnb place next to the Playa de la Concha. The landlady was an old Basque lady who made a tortilla for them and rents a room in the apartment. Sonia is planning to go there in a month or so.
Malik and Samantha are going to try the keto diet together.
Derek and Phil had a busy day. Derek closed some deals but he had a lot of stress. Phil couldn't close any deal.
People photoshopped Timothée Chalamet into artworks.
Peter has been busy at work lately. He wants to improve his health. He has a gym membership near his office. He does weights and runs on the treadmill. Lisa thinks she should eat better to keep in shape.
Julia broke Tom's cup and will buy him a new one.
The CSS tests for peewee hockey players are today. Don hasn't registered in their system yet, so he's not sure if he has to fill out all the fields. It's strange that they're incorporating such professional tests for little leaguers. The tests are supposed to last 5-8 pm. Don will bring Oscar and Roger.
Jessica went to the second hand shop downtown and bought a table, six chairs, a vase, a pile of clothes and a black dress for 70 euros.
Abigail and Damien are going to church on Sunday. Abigail reminds Damien to put on a coat and tie.
Desiree wants Lucian to keep her pasta in the microwave. Lucian hasn't cooked anything yet.
Jeni is jealous of Doug's shoes.
Tessa wants Chloe to stop texting her boyfriend Jim Andrews.
Emily, Kate and Marta will meet for a drink in Pub X at the central station at 5.30.
Anne went to La Perle with Jane and Ella. They ordered a cheesecake. Jane is allergic to peanuts. She started swelling after the first bite. She went to the ER.
Railey will buy Tiffany a burger on her way home.
Ariana is going shopping in Midtown. Aviana wishes she could go with her.
Jane is getting Halloween costumes with her sister. Connor got his today at Value Village. Jane will join him.
Mary stayed at home today.
Tom and Jeffrey are a few meters away from Elena.
Sophia sends Mason a kiss photo. She doesn't want him to see her when she doesn't look good.
Steffen can't go to the infinity pool because he twisted his ancle yesterday. Irene, Dan and Luke will give him a lift.
Jake, Florence, Margot and others are going on a research trip to Eswatini.
Christine is not going to school tomorrow because she has the flu. Annie will drop Theraflu sachets through her letterbox later on.
Jill called her ex-boyfriend Sarah and sent her their pictures. She doesn't want to be with Bob anymore.
Peter starts the new job on the 6th. Aggie will get a babysitter then.
Maryam is not at home. She might have gone somewhere with his father. Aimee tried his number.
George, Robert, Yousuf and Paul are going to play basketball on Friday, 7 p.m. Paul will bring some beers.
Rory and Bill are thinking of signing up Bill and Sammy for an International camp. Mitch will go with them on Sunday, 29th of July. He will drive around 1000 km and will arrive around 10 am on Sunday. Rory will chip in for gas. Joanna will pick Bill up.
Angelina and Jones will meet today later in the afternoon in town.
Derek doesn't like Fergie's national anthem but thinks she does a great job.
Pam needs Lauren for tomorrow. Lauren had a good holiday and will tell Pam all about it tomorrow. Pam doesn't have any more rota but the Manager may do some more then. Pam will call Lauren in the morning.
Harriette went ghost hunting once when she was in high school with her friends. They didn't see any ghosts. Harriette would do it again if she could choose.
Jack can't get the application running. Kev will help him.
Dan and Angela will meet at school later.
Shaldona sent Piper a mobile inviation for their wedding. She didn't have time to meet everybody and give the invitation in person.
Paula and Ralph will meet with the new person in an hour.
Ania, Kasia, Jan and Zuzia are going to the church tomorrow to praise Mary the Queen of Poland.
Ema will be ready in 5 minutes. The movie has already started.
The Caspian Sea will have a special legal status and they will divide the seabed up. It's rich in resources, mostly gas and oil.
Joe hates his job because they give him more work. Tim's friend Terry quit eventually because he had problems sleeping, constantly tired, and turned out to have an ulcer.
Judy is going to the new club at Regents Street with Miranda and Helen on Saturday.
Jamie, Marlo, Alex and Jimmy are going to make presentations in groups. They need 3-4 people per team to make 3 presentations. It's a lot of work, interviews, then transcriptions, then compiling material, then writing.
Nora talked on the phone to John's math teacher. John is at school now. Theresa is waiting for him in the park.
There was a huge crowd outside the book shop today. A new writer who writes about vampires was there signing copies of his books. Sara doesn't like him.
Debbie doesn't know which dress to buy. Kelly recommends the red one, but Denise prefers the green one.
Emilia is still angry.
Mia doesn't have a credit card at the moment. Tom will lend her his to buy a flight ticket. Mia will send him the flight, company and personal data.
Hugh has a toothache and needs to go to the dentist urgently. He will call ProDent in the centre and arrange a checkup for tomorrow.
Ella's mom won a hundred thou in the lottery.
There was a car accident on Circle Drive. There were no deaths.
Bob is watching the game. He has no plans for the weekend except to run some errands, cook some food and go out for a few beers. Jim's birthday is next Wednesday. Jim is going for a skiing trip with his family next weekend. He might organize a meetup with a few friends at some bar this weekend. Rob will let him know if he can come.
Julie, Debra and 20 other girls from the village are going to meet over the weekend. Debra will share the event on her wall.
Mike had an accident on his motorcycle and broke his leg.
David went to Ethan's house to babysit. His sister was naughty. David has just turned his phone on.
Conrad forgot his keys. Tiffany and Rebecca will be home at 10-11. Conrad will wait in the coffee shop.
There was a weird smell at Kasia's place last night.
Holly doesn't feel well, so she won't come tonight.
Ludmila's favourite dinosaur was a triceratops.
Josh and Sean are going to the pub tonight. Logan would like to meet some girls.
Indiana left his phone at Liam's place. He's using it right now.
Claire wants to buy a dress for the wedding. Nicole and Maria advise her to do it.
Victor took over Chris's company. Chris was under a lot of debt. Victor sold off the office and accommodated them in his office. Chris is still working as Director. David's business is slow but he expects it to get better by the end of the year.
Patricia sent Elle and Florence a fair-trade brand. Elle will look into it.
Ethan didn't come to the part last night because he was in Los Angeles. He will be back in 3 or 2 days.
Stan is going to take her to Pat&Gill's today.
Abby met Miro yesterday at the party. Miro's father came from Albania to the US in the early 1990s under duress. He speaks only Albanian with his parents.
Julie watched a Japanese horror movie. Rose and Paula will come over to Julie's to drink cocoa and watch "When Harry met Sally" until they fall asleep. Rose will bring cookies.
Lucy's daughter is 15. It seems like yesterday she was 5 years old. Lucy has prepared her daughter for 15 years. Patricia didn't feel the same way when Patrick turned 15.
Dan, Tim, Chris and Martin are going out on Saturday at 8. Tom can't make it due to a party at his in-laws. Dan needs to be home at 2 and ready to drive on Sunday noon.
Casey did her nails herself, but it took her nearly 4 hours. She will do them for Kristen and Amelia.
Sharol forgot about the sociology assignment that is due tomorrow. Kate reminds him about it.
Half of the class is sick at school. Jack has a high fever and a terible cough. Helen has a perdiatrician, doctor Tornez, who treats every case individually. The school trip is off.
Tim hasn't seen his mum for a day, because she's with Grace.
Caroline thinks her boyfriend's mother doesn't like her. She's his first girlfriend and she's jelous. He's 26 and an introvert. He used to spend all the time at home and now he lives with his mother and grandmother.
Vincent broke his lamp with his bare hand. He ordered a new one and it should be ready on Tuesday.
Nestor wants to buy a new laptop as Black Friday is coming. Olaf sends Nestor a link to a website where people upload photos of the same product and its price 2 weeks before Black Friday and during the promotion. Nestor is going to the mall tomorrow to look for a good deal and Olaf will help him.
Phil prefers Twitter to Facebook. Vic has never had an account on Tumblr.
Peter and Dan have seen a guy with dreads. Amanda is not convinced.
James will pick up the car tomorrow and pay for it. Sue will transfer the money in.
Jess is stuck in a traffic jam in West Bronx.
Dima's laptop is broken and he has to deliver a translation tomorrow at 9. Nada lent her old laptop to her brother, but she took two days off to lend Dima hers. Dima will pick it up in an hour.
Kelly went to the pub after school and met more people from school. She saw him there at 2 am. He didn't talk to her, but she told him a few words.
Anne invited Adele and Louise for Easter. Adele is off on Friday. She will bring eggs.
Peggy is spending a lot of time using the library computers. Her computer has a problem with the circuit board and she might not have to get it repaired after all. She will write if she has any questions.
Jerry is coming home in 40 minutes. Janet is waiting for him. Janet had a good day at work, but her boss can be a bitch sometimes.
Mark, Anna, George and Julia are going on a tour. They are going to choose one of the cheaper options from a tour operator. They will divide themselves so they don't check the same websites.
Stanley can't go for this weekend with Del because of work. Del accused him of having an affair. They've been together for 4 months. The analysis of tasks is not done yet, Alison disappeared from all the media and won't answer her phone. The division of the tasks is on Bill.
Kimberly left the cafe yesterday with her pinkish-blue umbrella. She got it as a present from her mother a few years ago. She will call the cafe to ask about it.
Catherine applied for an accounting position at Pandora. She will have an interview on Monday. She graduated with honours from uni.
Anna will go with Fiona to the doctor tomorrow at 8 a.m.
Dan wanted to wash his hands and the pipe under the wash basin exploded. Andrea will write to the owner. Dan will do it himself.
Linda is cooking curry for dinner.
Matt's homestay parents don't treat him well. They take Carlos for subway and prefer talking to him. Matt stays at home too much and they have to pay more for electricity. Matt is staying one more month.
Ann thanks Katie for hosting Tim on Monday evening and for dropping him off at the railway station the next morning. Ann and Katie spent a week together 20 years ago in Saint Fargeau. Ann has known Ben since school. Ann's cousin is Erik Cairns. Katie will send Ann's son a text to tell him where she wants to pick him up tomorrow.
Sharon's mum is angry, she's grounded and she's 19. She lives with her parents. Ahmed wants her to move in with him, but she has to go to work.
Rob is looking at today's memes and finds them either stupid or have no humour value.
Mike will get a refill for the hand sanitizer by the restrooms.
Cheryl had an argument with her mother, because she forgot to close the window when she was leaving home. She kicked her out, but she gave her time till the end of the year.
David is landing at 17:30 at Sevilla. Victor will pick him up from the airport.
Ann will pay 200 dollars for the laptop. Josh has a bag and a small usb mouse. Ann will pick it up.
Mike will do the washing up. Sara will do it when she gets back from the cinema with Jack.
Gary is driving for Uber. Ellie told him it was a terrible idea. Gary is having a lot of fun and has met many cool people.
Leah sends Kristi a link with a 20% discount coupon for the online shop Direndia45. Kristi needs new trainers. Leah will get some accumulated money for the shopping next time.
Steve will call Sue when he gets this.
There was a bear attack on the zoo. Megan always says you can't keep animals y cages.
Mick and Barbara haven't received the confirmation emai from AES yet. Mick will call them.
Allison sent Alan a file with budget estimation for the current year instead of for the next year. They doubled the costs in the line "other expenses" because their boss had to come back from Japan for the convention.
Liam and Nate will meet in 15 minutes for a stroll around.
Duncan wishes Carl all the best in this year's championship. Carl is using a 6 speed hydrolic shift gearbox this year. Duncan and his family will attend the championship.
Dinny wants Terry to take his dog away before he comes.
Anastasia and Darrell had their school photos taken in less than a minute. Anastasia needed a new one for her school ID.
Kim is going to Seoul in April with Jane, who will be their tour guide.
Aubrianna's friend's father died because of malaria in kongo. Darien thinks it's dangerous for all people.
Josh lost his new sneakers last Tuesday. He thought he left them in the gym, but they said nothing was found. He will try to check the swimming pool.
It's Valentine's Day. There are a lot of vendors selling roses on the street and chocolate everywhere. Bella will probably go to Korea to get regular checkup. Aria will come to Warsaw as soon as she quits work.
Sutter is injured, so he can't go to the ball game tonight. The game starts at 8.
Daina needs to put on her make up for about an hour.
Viola is feeling a bit light in the stomach before the wedding. Carmen will help her on Friday night.
Madeline is not happy with Martin's requests and Jada's way of dealing with his problems. Madeline and Alex had an argument today. They are going for a beer tomorrow.
Betty will check in on her Mom and Grandpa.
William will prepare spagghetti alla vontale for dinner. He will cook pasta, garlic, wine and clams.
Maria, Alexander, Sarah and Lawrence will meet tomorrow evening at 17:15 to discuss the IMF lecture and do the calculations. They are due on Monday.
Anna will go with Molly to the Muse concert in Cracow. Hannah doesn't like them.
Tabby has 2 exams next week. Laura passed all her exams except one. Tabby will see how much progress she makes in studying over the next couple of days before going to Daisy's party on Saturday.
Becky and Trent have a new kitten named Coco. It took them 2 days to win her over.
Sosie will be at Kyra's flat in 5 minutes.
Ronnie's city uses three different bins for waste: compost, recycle and trash. People there live in a different world when it comes to environmental awareness. There are no more single use plastic bags in grocery stores, no more straws in restaurants, but at the state government level there is no awareness either.
Tina is still at work and her phone is dying. She will call Adam tomorrow before 9.
Natalie is pregnant. Dave is the father.
Nick will bring Steve some lunch. Steve wants anything but chicken.
Gemma wants to invite Timmy and his date to Lona and Michelle's wedding receptions.
Millie is sick and won't come today.
Daisy wants Lisa to be back home before 11 pm.
Tina will be on the bus in 3 minutes.
William went to collect the quince for Sophie. They are in a basket on their terrace, so she can call collect them any time. The quince will keep for a couple of days. The twins will be coming from Notts tomorrow afternoon and passing Windfield. Sophie hasn't seen them for ages. William gets 5 days at Christmas by way of "family care" and 2 weeks off spread over the whole year but never longer than 5 days.
Harry will buy a table cloth 120 cm x 140 cm, two medium size wardrobe organisers, one wooden spatula and three bottle cleaners for Sarah in Ikea. He will also buy a Daim's frozen cake and a bag of meatballs.
Cindy is sad and doesn't want to talk about it. Ellie comforts her.
Nadia and Jannet had fun yesterday. They are going to the disco next time.
Jeff will bet Mark 100 bucks that he will be the first one to drive his new car.
Ann congratulates Sue and Julie on their success. Ann and Julie will have a little celebration tonight.
Aunt is getting her hair cut today. Kathy is going to get it cut a bit shorter.
Mr. Benson is in Peru discussing a contract with a new client. He wants to talk to Claudia and Andy about their work while he's away.
Den's mother cried over the TV programme with Phil and Holly this morning. Jane thinks she needs to get out more and invites her for tea on Friday.
Ludo is in room 112 with Hugo and Charles in class 3.
Phoebe will open her door and pay the delivery guy.
Max's sister is studying in Shanghai. She speaks Chinese. Shanghai has 25 million inhabitants.
Russ hasn't read the report David sent him yet. He will do it by midday. David will answer some emails.
Catherine and her family are going to visit uncle Steve. Ben doesn't want to go with them because he doesn't like such visits. Ben will visit the boys some other day.
Kaya has been looking for Clay in Library. Clay is in the class room.
Sean won't be able to take the car to the carwash because he has to finish his report. He and Alice will go there tomorrow.
Bert will be home around 8-ish. Julia will wait for him with the dinner.
Steve's new dishwasher is nice and quiet. It is a 12 place setting dishwasher.
Michelle is still researching. The update installs bugs on her computer.
Joy is coming back on Thursday. Bill and Joy miss each other.
Henry wants to reserve a table at cafe Kohaku near Covent Garden, but their Facebook page has disappeared. Julia was there last week and wanted to take her cousin there, but it's empty now. They went to Lilly's instead. Henry was looking forward to their brownie.
Olivia should do her accounts and get all the incoming and outgoing invoices sorted by months. She also has a few videos she needs to upload to YouTube.
Emily has broken one of Linda's green tea cups when she was cleaning the cupboards in the dining room.
Tom and Camilla are going to Dublin for 2 days this weekend.
Sandra is getting better. Stella wanted to visit her, but she didn't want to get infected by the disease that she's been carrying. Stella wants to take Sandra to the cinema. She wants to watch an action movie.
Harley and Ruby are shocked by the divorce filing. The guy was a serial cheater and the wife is taking him to the cleaners. He paid for everything yet still managed to buy her mom a house and take extravagant vacations.
Ken is stressed because of work, fighting with Brad and his mom. He is going to see a show on Saturday night and see the grandkids on Sunday at the zoo.
Titus is supporting Manchester United in the derby today.
Dexter misses Addisyn. They haven't talked for a long time.
Jason was absent today. He had a dental appointment.
Don has a meeting with management board today at 2 pm in the conference room. Catering will bring some tea, coffee and snacks. Andy hasn't read the agenda yet. Don is going on a trip next week. Cindy bought his plane tickets and booked the hotel.
Samuel is at a joint in Laos. Jack loves the "happy menu" and mushroom pizza.
Celia and Mike will go to Croatia for holiday.
Jasmine and Paola love Charlie Puth's new song. Paola also likes Galway Girl.
Jaz will visit Sharon on Sunday at 2.30 to sort out her roots.
Pete is coming home for lunch in 20 minutes.
Kas will let Laura know if he can tidy up her dreads for her this weekend.
Jill and Ally can't do more than 3-4 hours of physical activity per day.
Professor Evans, who taught us ethics, has an art exhibition opening tomorrow. James and Mia will go to the exhibition and to the cinema with Amelia. They will meet at James's place afterwards.
The readings for the next session of Stephen's seminar are not yet in the print shop. Rita will ask them to print more for later.
Ost bought a garage place in Belgrade. He wants to rent it out and do the restitution of his money.
Hania has been on the road for 3 hours. She will be in Zawiercie around 7 pm. The next station is in Poraj. Julia will pick her up from the platform. They will order pizza or burgers.
Kaylee is blocking Gavin.
Lara is coming today.
Mazie and her friends are having a drink tonight. Lee doesn't like some of her friends. Sheryl is a witch. Lee spilled a drink on Sheryl.
Erin baked something. She wants to bring it to Zach, but he's busy cleaning the flat now.
Joseph had three job interviews in two days. The first two were ok, but the third one didn't seem to like him. He is considering a job as a concierge.
Sue wants Graham to send her some dates over for weekends in Romford area. Louise wants him to focus on motorways this time. Sue will let Graham know when Louise comes back to her.
Brett's cousin met his wife there. He invited her to a date. Andrew's favourite RPG series is the Final Fantasy series.
Rael hates her job. She will look for a new one. Zach recommends IT. Rael doesn't have technical studies. Zach will talk to his friends.
Susan went to a rollerskating disco with her date.
Joe is going to watch Deadpool 2 with the guys tonight. Pete will join them.
Euodia doesn't know what Tiktok is. Domigo explains it to her.
Hugh has just given birth to a son.
Nathalie, Pauline and Anthony are going to Greece in August. They need to be back by 10. Nathalie's sister is getting married.
Lori and Maria were supposed to meet at Prudential, but there is a traffic jam there. Lori will be there in 5 minutes.
Marta thinks Jay is a pathological liar because he keeps talking about how he has all this money and travels all over the world. Marta found out that Jay lives in a studio apartment in the outskirts of town.
Telly and Ally are unsure about going to Luke's party on New Year's. Chuck suggests Bernie's party. Telly will check it out.
Karen passed.
Gill needs a new peeling. Bunny tells him how to do it.
Ryan is visiting his family in Manchester for Christmas. Chris stayed home with Ann for the first time.
Bruce's crowdfunding campaign has reached a little over 6000 dollars.
Liam will pick Kane up at 8.
Kate had a fight with Chris. He watched a programme about the refugees and went on a rant about it. Kate doesn't know why she's still talking to him. She doesn't want to stay in touch with him.
Celine went skating on skates with Mark for the first time.
Lia's family wants her to go for Passover, but the tickets are expensive and she has a lot of work. Sarah bought the tickets yesterday for 500 pounds. Sarah is flying on the 28th. Last year they went to Negev. This year they are going to the desert.
Gene sent a package to Jack on Friday. Jack hasn't received it yet.
Miranda cancels tomorrow's meeting with Stephanie because she has to work 20 hours a day.
Blake will wait for Clara and Jenny on the platform called Fabro-ficule.
Raymond will have a regular cheese and pepperoni pizza and some pesto pennes with Charlotte in 15 minutes.
Zack watched a couple of episodes of the new Jersey Shore season. The cast consists of the original cast: Snooki, J-Wow, Pauly D, Ron, The Situation, Deena and Vinny. Dwayne is going to watch the new season and let Zack know what he thinks.
Will is standing in a line longer than the post office itself in order to send a letter in XXI century. Chris thinks lines are part of life in a big city.
Ella and Serena went to the new club in Cork last weekend, but it was a waste of time.
Molly, Margaret and Peter are hesitating about going to Sweden for a week in January. Kai advises them to visit the Vasa Museum.
Frank will go mushroom picking with Avril at the weekend. Avril is going to see horse racing.
Mel will pick up Adam and Xander from work tomorrow at half 10 to take them to Multisports.
Ethan is sore after yesterday's workout. Ethan usually goes to the gym every other day, but this week he's trained every day. Ethan and Ray will meet at 8 pm at Ray's place. Ethan has to pick up the kids.
Diana is going to a hip-hop workshop in a week. Frann will join her.
Pam lost her iphone. She has only had it for half a year. There is an option to display something on the screen when you log into your apple account. Pam will check it out and post someone's phone number as a reward.
A guy got beaten and mugged on campus. The assailant had a mask on. He's in the hospital. There will be an official statement about it and an article in the paper.
Nathan and Deborah are packing for their trip tomorrow. They need to take boots and warm jackets for the girls. Lucy's parents promised them to take them on a trip to the forest. Nathan is seeing the dentist after work. Deborah will pick up the girls from school at 6. Nathan will buy the syrup for travel sickness on his way home.
Casper, Alexander and Igor are not going for tomorrow's classes with Mr Linda. They will meet near the university and find something else to do.
Javier is looking for a tattoo parlors in Warsaw. His girlfriend had a 1000$ tattoo done there. Javier wants to get a tatttoo back in Colombia.
Sam and Jessica are coming to the hotel on the 15th of August around 2 p.m.
Marsha, Cynthia, Mohammad and Gavin are going to spend a week on the beach in Nosy Be, Madagascar. John found a hotel there.
Cyprien was born in Jarrow and lives in London now. He was educated in Loughborouogh, so in a sense he came from there. In another sense he comes from his mother's vagina.
Joanna needs to get the stains out of her ecru dress. Ethel recommends a cheap dry-cleaner's service at Jagiellonska 3.
Charlie doesn't want to have a pizza with Anna tonight, because he's still upset about the things that happened.
It's really cold outside. Kris and Ovi don't feel like going anywhere. Jason has been running around the city all day in the cold. Nadine is getting sick patients at her clinic.
Leticia lost her wallet. She will get it back as soon as possible. Lora and Miranda will help her. Leticia will call the bank and block her account.
Paula will get the paper from the office tomorrow. The deadline for the application is Friday at noon.
Ben and Steven will have pizza at Marco's tonight.
Daniel took Terry's money. Terence found it. Daniel is upset.
Levy hasn't thrown the garbage out yet. Lucy will have to do it now.
Vinny will lend his car to Willy for a day or so. They will car pool a couple of days a week.
Lindsey has just finished her class. She wants to go for another class, but earlier she asked another girl to put her name on the attendance list instead of her.
Dory's friend is coming over the day after tomorrow. She will stay for around a week. Jason and Lucy have been working on the movie for 2 months. Jason purchased the app in which to video and to edit and Lucy has written a script.
Michelle and Jared used to go out together and Kelly is Michelle's best friend. Jared wants to ask her out.
Dodson and Trish want to go to the seaside for winter break. Reeve and Slow don't know what to do.
Zayna and Alex will meet for a drink at 8 pm at Zayna's place.
Grace didn't get to talk to Audrey at the party last night. Grace is excited about graduating soon and considering applying for grad school or taking a year off.
Monica sends Natalie the recipe for her famous cheesecake.
Ethan will send Dixie Jason's phone number in a minute.
Amanda doesn't like the actress who plays the main character in "Parks and Rec". Vincent likes her. Amanda will give the show another try.
Bob bought a game and wants to play it with Harry. Harry has a broken car and a shitty job.
Randal got everything except the nail polish. He's still in the store. The shop assistant is looking at him weird.
Mike and Pat are discussing Chicago's game last night. Pat is not a soccer fan, but he likes baseball and hockey. Mike would like to play basketball with Pat one day.
Nate and Julie are overbooked for the first day dinner. Nate has to create a new file and feed the data into the tables himself.
Farrah showed her Fossils collection to Enrique and his class. They were amazed. Farrah will come back again to show them to 4th grade students. Enrique will give Farrah's name and number to the teacher.
Zoey and Thomas are in the tropics. On Sunday they had a walk around the summit of Belchen. The temperature is -3 at night and -3 in the morning.
Trinny, Susannah and Linda will meet at 6 at the main entrance.
Emma and Peter are going to Amiens tomorrow. Daniel is fed up with Paris. They will meet at Emma's place by 9 am.
Pet shop has a 10% discount code for new customers. Breann and Dianne will get a cheetah print on their pet hut.
Hugh will make the base and prepare everything earlier and put the pizza in the oven.
The next ASEEES conference will take place in San Francisco.
Finn's package has left the warehouse and will be delivered to him tomorrow. His order number is 45678.
Rhonda will send Precious the content for the November email blast.
Derek McCarthy needs an Android cable for an hour. Tommy is in Poland but can call his wife to borrow one. She will give it to Derek McCarthy at 8:15 pm.
Judy will feed Derek's animals on Friday and Saturday. Derek will give her his keys on Thursday.
Laura, Kelsey and Sid are going to see Aquaman on Thursday at 8:10. Oona will buy the tickets for them.
Rob wants to start Get off the couch challenge. He will do 30 minutes of exercise every day. Greg, Will, Anna and Greg advise him to do at least 60 minutes a day.
Bennett and Cynthia are going to a new hipster bistro.
Lorenzo has just arrived in Tuscany. Will is on the train in Arezzo. Amanda is still on the highway. Lorenzo will call the guy from airbnb and take the keys to the room.
Walker will bring his Xbox console.
Laura's mom passed away this morning. Kristian and Anne will visit her.
The cafes by the river got damaged with the flods. The cost to repair them is high. Keith and Adam miss going there.
Ana and Katy are going to see a film by Lola Arias at 7 pm on Saturday.
John sends Henry a photo of Bristol Stool Scale to read in the morning. Henry had a nice poop this morning, so he's not constipated.
Patricia and Mary are going to Japan in a week. They are afraid of the long flight, earth-quakes and tsunamis. James tries to calm them down.
Linda won't manage to do any gardening before leaving. Mika will buy plants for her garden.
Drade's brother got out of the group chatting room because Drade said something wrong. Drade will apologize to his brother and send him an invitation.
Kate broke her arm and they're sending her to the hospital. Greg doesn't know if their medical insurance covers hospital costs.
Charlie's sister has just passed her last exam on her Uni. Frank will go out with Charlie and his sister tonight.
Clara is at the gym and won't be back before 7. Bella will pop in after 7.30 to have a drink and talk to Clara. Clara will fix a snack and Bella will bring the wine.
Jose and Amanda wish each other merry Christmas and a happy new year. They are looking forward to the summer and going to Cuba, Mexico and Thailand in 2019.
Susan and Rob will have dinner together tomorrow after work. Susan will cook something special.
Denise has to do units 2 and 3 for tomorrow's test.
Sharon loves the lamps and hangers Steph bought at Ikea.
Anna can't talk now because she's at work. She will call Peter in 20 minutes.
Jesse broke her razor and wants to borrow Stig's razor.
Patrick's phone number has been changed to +44 7700 900077.
Uncle Sam came back from work. He was in hospital. Yvonne is dating an Argentinian.
Thomas will buy butter on Jack's request. Jack is making a mushroom soup.
Debbie will bring Helen her laptop as she has a presentation today.
Jessica got a plant for her birthday but it's dying. Boston looked it up on Google.
John and Annie are coming back to London. John lost his job in Germany because the whole team got liquidated. John got a better offer from an IT company in London. Amber will have to look for a new flat. Annie will stay with Amber until she finds a new one.
Vicky, Ludovica, Greg, Audrey, Michelle and Ryan are meeting at Fratelli's at 7.30 pm. The booking is in Brandon's name. Marty and kids will bring Audrey in 10 minutes.
Kaylin and Amir don't feel like tomorrow. Kaylin has set three alarms just in case.
Lois couldn't get onto her aacount. She created it when she was 10. Keira's sister is grounded for a month.
Natacha will pick Charles up at the RER station Vesinet at 5:30 pm.
Simon was on the phone and didn't hear Helen calling him. Simon will fetch some tissues for Helen.
There is a blizzard outside. It reminds Ricky of hiking in the mountains when he was a student. Tom went hiking a couple of years ago with 5 or 6 of his friends. They rented a cabin in the wild for a weekend away.
Lucy is going to the gig with her best friends at 6 pm. The gig starts at 8.
Rose and Jake are going to buy Christmas gifts for everybody tomorrow.
Martha saw a documentary about minimalism gurus. Jake thinks it's a good idea to buy things that will serve you longer, but it's difficult to be mindful about everything you buy.
Albert passed his driving exam on his fourth attempt.
Jaya hasn't seen Ravi's mother in the club for almost 4 months. She has been suffering from knee pain for almost 5 years and the doctor has asked her to restrict movement. Ravi tried naturopathy, but it didn't help. His mother is still the same, but she prefers to stay at home most of the time.
Lynn thinks it's not worth it to have sex with an old wrinkled guy to pay her bills. Steviee and Wilbur don't believe what Lynn said for a second.
Alice has never had such a terrible flu. She's been sick for 10 days and she hasn't taken any vaccine.
Someone left Millas present at Marco's place yesterday. Sandra bought it right before Marco's party. Marco will bring it over.
Mum will wrap something up for Steve.
Zariah has been having back pain almost every day recently.
Hannah has to get up early for work tomorrow. James will pick her up at 8 on Saturday.
Rachel and Caron are going for a drink to Red Lion at 8.
Victor is too busy this Saturday to help with the event Sara is organizing.
Wendy has grown prettier since she came back from Houston. Dave wants to hit on her, but Jerry is her lover.
George will call Patricia in an hour or so.
Mario has landed in every airport in Europe today. He's waiting in Luxembourg now.
The new professor gives students excercises on pages 12-16. Lena and Brian don't want to do the homework.
Elvina got invited to the local theatre smbd. Averil is shocked they have a theatre here.
Callum is busy.
Jacob is running late for a meeting with Emily.
Molly met up with Chuck on Friday. She told him no and he made up a story.
Sally and Rita like Borns' new album "God Save Our Young Blood" and "Faded Heart". Florence's new single is out tomorrow.
Gloria made sushi and tiger prawn korma for her therapy. She's too poor to cook. She should plan her meals better.
Haley found a photo of Bella when she was a kitten. Bella is now about 2 years old.
This Christmas at Wall Street was the worst since the end of the 19th century. People in Peter's bank seem calm. Jeff listened to some radio podcasts about the American economy. Jeff is not an economist. Jeff, Peter and Miranda think the global economy will get weaker in the early 2020s.
Alexa asked Ethan to insult Hunter because she was jealous. Alexa and Hunter will talk about it tomorrow.
Meg will meet Ann at home at 7. Ann has extra math classes.
Lorenna can't come to the party tomorrow because Emma has a fever and she needs to take her to the doctor. Emma is sleeping now.
Iga cancelled a weekend getaway with her boyfriend because he couldn't talk his group into changing the date of the presentation. They haven't been sitting together since Monday.
Samuel speaks Telugu, a language spoken in South east India. It is written left to right. There are nearly 90 million speakers. Samuel is 35 years old. He works hard and earns less than a hundred dollars a month.
Jen wants pear yogurt. Pete will have a look around if they have it.
Eve, Charlie and Nicole are meeting at the entrance.
Jenkin's spirit animal is a dolphin. Sophie's is a fox. Jenkin will bring Sophie the cards tomorrow.
Daisy is sending Scarlett her RGS application right now.
Christie and Katie are tired after the party.
Sam and Carla will meet at Meanwood cafe at 2 pm tomorrow.
Lily needs to rent a pop corn machine for the office Christmas party. They will screen Love Actually. Daniel will check if he knows someone who rents them.
Louis is looking for something to buy Lilly and Stephen for the wedding. Sara is on a boring meeting.
Chris tried jogging for the first time in a while. He did quite well. Matt is taking medication that slows his heart rate.
Eric thinks the second season of "Punisher" was better than the first one. He also thinks they should have given Jigsaw more scars. Netflix discontinued Daredevil.
Geri and Hilary will go together to check out some shoes tomorrow after work. They will also get some frozen yogurt.
The top management is coming from France next week. Jacob and Alex got an invitation via Outlook to the meeting. There will be a formal dress code.
Joana and Sandy will play dixit or carcassonne.
Jenny, Jeremy and Joan are going to the concert on Saturday. They will start with a drink. The venue is 8th Avenue, Barcelona.
John and Matt will have a practice today.
George and Blake are going to meet.
Steve bought the new Dream Theater album 5 minutes ago. Rob has it on his desk ready for the first listening.
Martin will buy two milks for Alex in a couple of hours.
Jeremih's sister is mad at him. Hansel will tell her to text back.
Joy sends Peter a link to her beauty shop.
Josh spent New Year's Eve with his friends. They had some wine and played board games. Emma went to the seaside. She had her beer jacket on. She has a cold now.
Andy will be there by 8. He is working late until 4.
Stewart and Shari are angry about the man who criticized the forestry department. They want to vote him out.
Lydia added him on Facebook and he accepted her invitation. They are now engaged. Lydia is trying to ignore him. They work in the same company.
Daria got a new job at a law firm.
Boris has to decide who will be allowed to take off based on seniority. Sarah is too low on the totem pole to get some time with her family, so Boris will give her first choice of dates the week after. Sarah will amend her request for the following week, Monday through Wednesday, so she will have a long weekend.
Blair and Chuck are meeting the wedding planner after work at Nonna Rita's. Chuck will order their seafood tagliatelle. They both remember the spaghetti pomodoro disaster from their last meeting with Diane.
Alan sent Ruth an email, but she didn't respond. He sent it again, because it has an attachment. Ruth got it and didn't have trouble opening it.
Oscar and Payne will meet for a coffee at Tristano's in half an hour.
Frank and Hope love each other.
Gina sent Luke a photo of the parrot she painted yesterday. She will send him a PDF file to get better quality.
Steve and Tina will meet in the car park after work to do grocery shopping together.
Rudi and Henrietta are shocked by what Donald Trump said about a congresswoman.
Luis and Cole are in the same room. Cole wants Luis to pass him his pillow.
Daniel passed his driving license exam.
Samuel Anderson and Katherine Jackson won't be able to come to the individual meetings tomorrow. The meetings will take place in Andrew Simmons's office, room 104.
Rosie is feeling better today, but still not good.
Veronica doesn't speak French. Ty needs a translator.
Emily is waiting to see her doctor. A nun and a blind crazy man are waiting with her.
Lisa, Sarah and Mary are going to take their son to the Aquarium. Frank will help them transport it.
Conor was out with his college friends. Conor will bring Mario a bucket of fries from KFC.
Ditty came back last night. Inga didn't want to wake Ditty up this morning because she has some mail for Ditty. Andy was emptying Ditty's letter box and Inga collected a parcel before Christmas. Hans is away today, so Inga will be home around 6 pm. Ditty will come over to collect the parcel.
Mason didn't watch Chelsea game, because he was busy. Damian is happy for Huddersfield, because Higuain scored twice.
Jay will lend Joe some money to buy tickets for the event. Jay has convinced Ruth and Paulette to accompany him.
Robyn drank too much last night. Samantha suspects Robyn took drugs. Robyn is feeling better today.
Aaron has a connecting flight in Cairo and might leave the airport for a few hours to pass the time. Adam hasn't been to Egypt.
Gino doesn't know if he should wear the white or the black shirt. Renee advises him to wear the black trousers, black shoes and white shirt with blue trousers and brown shoes.
James is driving there. Richard will be ready at 6:15.
Caleb sent Ella a photo of Maya who is playing a mouse in a school play.
Javier reminds Marco to sign the attendance form when he arrives.
Josh will pick Michelle up at 7 tomorrow to go to the movies.
Yaz and Tania are going to meet in a pub on Friday at 8ish. Yaz is busy with her college work. Tania is looking forward to her move to Manchester in 4 months.
Anna studies history, politics, war, conflicts, egoism, etc. and finds it depressing. Jerry tries to look for positives.
Jacks has played on the Bulls Eye poker platform several times. He made a few bucks on it. He sends Robin links to some good sites.
Sergio prepared a speech for Ulrich's wedding. He will talk about how Ulrich has been a great friend over the years. He is nervous about giving the speech.
Edward and Lauren don't want to go on the business trip tomorrow. The boss is coming with them. They are going to an expo.
Robert is meeting Darek at 5 pm. Robert will be around at 3 pm. Gabriel quit the office about a month ago. Gabriel is at home looking into what he's doing next.
Susan's presentation was a disaster. Becky's school called because she has a fever. Tom will pick her up and take her to his mother's house.
Ethan, Noah and Leo are going to see Solstafir at 21.11 on Wednesday.
Marleen is at Kaiser's buying silk kerchiefs for Rita. The most expensive one costs 39. Barry and Marleen will split the cost 50/50.
Johnatan, Darren and Lucas will meet for a beer in the evening.
Zandra's daughter's birthday party is tomorrow. The cake is still not ready. Erwin will deliver it by bike. Tricia is taking care of the food and outside attractions. Zandra has to make decorations.
Laura didn't get any replies. Sarah is on Linate island. Laura and Raf are at the same hotel.
Adam has an exam in 10 minutes. Dave is confident that everything will go well.
Paul will be home later than he thought. He will call Lena in 15 minutes to tell her what happened.
Bob and Nigel like Felix Laband. Nigel went to the concert last night in Paris.
A cat invaded the pitch at Goodison.
Ewan graduated.
Daniel, Matt and Brian are packing for their trip to Bosnia and Herzegovina. Michael reminds them to bring their passports.
Ross and Chandler will go karaoke tonight. Chandler will record everything. Ross will do George Michael.
Poppy and Harry prefer Lisbon over a party because they don't like crowd, drunk people and sightseeing.
Gyle will come home to see what happened yesterday.
Regina and Kate had a good feedback from their presentation. Three people came to listen to them.
Barbara is home. Sean will bring the dog. Zac is on his way. Barbara and Sean will stay overnight.
Quinn and Kyle are going out tonight. Quinn has GCSES. Kyle is working for his uncle Kev at the building site, his cousin was taken on with an apprenticeship in bricklaying last year. Quinn hates school and wants to leave at Easter. They will meet outside the club at 6. Kyle's brother will get them some vodka and cigs.
Dick and his partner are interested in buying an apartment in building 32. They are going to see it in 30 minutes. It's the big on with the terrace, around 85 m by 65 m. Dick is putting down 10% as a down payment. Frank has a contractor that does everything. Dick will bring a measure.
The movie starts at 9 pm. Steven and Mia will meet at 8 pm for Chinese food.
Marshall can't go out tonight because he has no money. Lilly will come over and watch Netflix with him.
James is out of the team because of the coach. He has already texted him.
Stu is in trouble because his IT friend Alex downloaded Open Office and some other programs and put them on a CD instead of on a disc. Priscilla bought the software online.
Rita needs information on Helen's client, Salvage Industries. They are into waste disposal. Helen will double check if they have any PR problems.
Ginger will come to Phylis to get some sugar for her pie.
Robert and Anthony will meet for a beer around 9. Anthony will go with Andrew. In the evening Anthony is taking his lady for a date.
Jill is bored and needs to find a job. Nate will call her when he gets off work.
Jake pulled his first TOTW this year. He will try him in one or two matches, but he's not a good fit for Jake's squads.
Victoria and Rosemary are going to record the drums this weekend. They need to borrow a laptop or tablet to do it.
Jordan got his birthday card and money on time. He likes Thomas the Tank engine.
Jane will be 10 minutes late. She forgot to take the file with the xerox copies. Alex will be waiting for her by the left entrance.
Ken is depressed and stressed out today. Ellen is worried about him.
Phil got a card from Deana. Constantine was very happy. Deana found Adrian's sunglasses in the empty place above the radio.
Alice's dad is coming over for a month to decorate Jo's place. Kim and Alice will meet on Friday after 8 pm.
Jessica tells Mickey and Ollie about the scariest place she's been to, Palermo in Italy. It's the Capuchin Catacombs with 8000 corpses.
Spencer has a lot of commissions coming in. He works 16 hours a week at the cafe and the rest of the week on his illustrations. He probably gets around £1000  of work a month before commission and tax. He spends a lot on rent and bills. Maria wants to go part time next year.
Tim invites a few people from work over for a newbie gaming evening. He will talk to them about their interests and bring some boardgames.
Richard and Anne have a project due on 15 December. Holy is out of town, but he will do some research tonight and send them back to Richard and Anne. They will meet at Starbucks at 3 pm tomorrow.
Gurdun is feeling a bit better, but still weak. He hopes to be back at the uni on Wednesday. Russ had flu three months ago. His team won the last match.
Leo shares a funny video with Charlie and Oliver.
Mummy and Thessalia wish each other a merry Christmas.
Samara wants to play with JP, but he has to go to work.
Michael can't make it today. He can't leave the office before 8 pm. He will call Tom tomorrow.
Kevin will buy Dan a sandwich on his way to work.
Berlin has put concrete blocks around Christmas fair, Belgium has soldiers running armed around cities and Paris has mass demonstrations and car arsons happening all over the city. Poland is one of the last countries unspoilt by uncontrolled migration and terrorism. Poland has a chance to develop in fast pace and at the same time has a position to avoid all the mistakes other western powers made.
Tilly had to go for a detention. She will be home in about 40 minutes.
Gloria and Mell are going to have a BBQ at Mell's place on Saturday. The kids are out of the house.
Whitney will take Hailey to I-max cinemas on the day Aqua man is released. Shadrack and his girlfriend will accompany them.
Jacob got a punchbag for Christmas. Jenny got training shoes. George got a cooking pot. His wife wants him to help her in the kitchen.
Lincoln broke Hudson's toilet seat. He will buy a new one and let Hudson know if it works.
Katherine is going to bring her around 11. Kayla finishes at 11.
Lorena got a new desk and it comes with assembly instructions, but she doesn't know how to do it. Martin will help her tomorrow.
Everett will give Amy his friend Ralph's phone number.
Ross has to work for 2 hours tonight. Ross and Diane will stay at home.
Ed, Valerie, Chris, Matt, Lor, Atnee, Jessica and Atnee are joking about sex being a sinful endeavour.
Cristina and Gaya will meet next week at Gaya's studio to discuss the shoot.
Bon Jovi are coming to Warsaw, next July. Matt, Tony and Phil want to go. The cheapest tickets start from PLN 250.
Dan split the food from the BBQ equally. There are no leftovers for Sara and Ashley. Eric and Gerardo cooked their own chicken and asparagus.
Harper will order a meal from the restaurant they talked about last time and they will stay in for the evening. They will watch Ugly Truth.
Harry will be late for the birthday party. Michael and Vanessa are still on their way, Peter is stuck in a traffic.
Callan has a problem with his Samsung S8. It overheats and then it takes a while for it to restart again. He's going to the store to have it checked. It's still under warranty.
Mike is in London.
Andrea can't come to work today because her son is sick and she needs to take him to the doctor.
Phil is standing in a huge queue in the shop. He will be home in an hour. Nancy will make an apple pie.
Bryan's manager will send the payment to Piper tonight.
Richie and Clay are excited about Pogba's strike.
Sybille is trying to make an online registration for the flight AF3581 from Minneapolis to Paris the 29th, but she gets an error message. The flight is operated by Delta Airlines for departure from the United States. Sybille's 16-year-old son couldn't get his flight yesterday, so she asked for it to be postponed. She is angry, because it cost her 40 euros for 20 minutes. Air France offers her a departure on flight DL140 from Minneapolis
Natalia, Harriet and Lara will book the flight today.
Hans invites Slade to the practice. Slade will bring the ball.
Holt wants to buy his 21-year-old sister a set of DVDs and some cosmetics for her birthday.
Roxana and Summer advise Georgia to buy it.
Miley doesn't want to go to work tomorrow.
Greg is coming for a business trip and will stay for two nights at Nina's place.
Amal and Amir like Beyonce's tweet.
Alexa hasn't seen the last America's Got Talent. Alec thinks the girl is amazing and might win the edition.
Kelly still hasn't received the rent money. John sent it last week. Kelly's account number is 44-1279. John will ask the bank to re-send the money to the right account.
James is going to work.
Lilian's mum has been calling her all day asking where she is. Her phone battery died, but she called them and told them she is at Helen's place.
Barbara asked Freddy to sing at the school concert on Friday. Freddy will send Simon three tracks of the songs he would like to sing.
Tommy got home alright. His mum didn't pick him up from the station, so he had to take a bus. He liked the weekend. Wayne will send him the pictures on their way. They will meet in the evening.
Tobias and Trevor will meet for a beer at 9 at Tobias's place.
Israel hasn't sewn anything yet. Autumn hasn't checked the tests for a month because the dress wouldn't sew itself. There will be photos on the site soon.
Frances is back from the Vosges. She had a great time and didn't spend much money. She cooked and had meals in a local.
Paula hates the game with super hard levels. She can't get past 637 no matter what she does. Stewart suggests looking up the cheats online.
There is a job offer for a computer investigator. The salary is almost 80 thou. Bethany can't imagine talking to stupid users all day.
Jackie's sister got pregnant and she's worried about her health. Jackie's brother-in-law earns a lot of money but he doesn't have any debt.
Sean is not going to the lecture tomorrow morning. Joseph is going but it's a nightmare. Mike, Joseph and Sean make notes. They don't want to share them with Sean.
Anna has a terrible stomach ache. She ate cereal with milk and a banana for breakfast. Joanna will get her a hot tea with some fresh mint leaves.
Ziggler will bring his passport tomorrow.
Jeff and Sam are in the little room next to the reception. The woman making a penis cake is working in the small room under the stairs.
Kirsten will ask Jamie and John for their opinion on the insurance vote. She will also ask her husband to sign off on it. She wants to see a menorah in the lobby next year.
Lesley wants Chloe to take the dog for a walk when she gets home. Chloe is going to Megan's house tonight.
Tobias found Natalie's wallet.
Phil is on his way from one client to another. Rob needs to see him in person tomorrow morning.
Martin is asexual. He doesn't want to break up with Nicole.
Mike woke up with an allergic reaction.
David wants to get a new tattoo. Mike will go get one with him.
Olivia will buy some fresh tomatoes and chocolate for William's spaghetti.
There is a big traffic jam on the road from the swimming pool to Waitrose. Karen would avoid it if she were Peter. Peter has to finish a presentation for the repairs team tomorrow and Eileen wanted him to do it.
Matt and Nick don't know what internet connection they have. They need it for the application. Nick usually uses his mobile service.
There is a match next week. Baron, Gabriel and Gavin will sign on the calendar and invite people from their group.
Mia, Peter, Jennifer and Karine are critical of Donald Trump. They think he is trying to shake the world's order.
Madison found an offer for Thailand. Tickets cost a lot, but the rest is extra cheap. Children under 12 get 50% off.
Demi and Tina want to meet as soon as possible. Demi likes men, but she worked on it hard after a heartbreak. Tina only likes one type of men.
Nanna has broken her leg, so Freddie will have to visit Winnie instead. Mummy and Daddy will come when they can.
Mark, Clint and Phil are going to see 'Batman: New Beginning' this Saturday at 7. Mark will get tickets for them.
There is mould in Betty's spare bedroom upstairs and in the dinign room. It is caused by condensation. Andy will install a fan system, or PIV system, which would circulate air to dilute and take moisture out of the air. He will send Betty a detailed quote for the work by Friday.
Warren locked the door.
Claire and Aaron are going to a conference about relations at school. Aaron is giving two lectures and serving as a host. Jo is having a workshop on teamwork. Claire is signing up.
Rob is selling his flat. He moved in a year ago. He is thinking about having a baby and the flat is too small. Rob has a friend who is relocating to another city and offers a good price. Rob is seeing him tomorrow.
Evan talked to Ethan about the function. Ethan might not come. Evan will try to make Ethan come.
Daisy is in Naples. She took a ferry early in the morning yesterday. She is seeing a lot of beautiful places. She will be in San Fransisco from 1-5 September. Charlie wants to meet her again. Charlie will take a train to Florence.
Adele is still listening to the song Kode recommended her. Kode has the album in his music library for 3 years. He will give Adele the whole album in USB. They will meet at Adele's home.
Leah told Maddie that Ian dumped Claire years ago. Ian doesn't know Claire. They met 1,5 years ago and he doesn't remember her name.
Violet is going on vacation. She wants to get a Brazilian waxing. Paisley has been in a waxing salon once and it was painful. She recommends shaving with the grain.
Suzy asks Linda to follow her on Instagram.
Sean reminds Rick and John about the trade deadline today. John would like to get Lamar Jackson, but he doesn't have rights to him. John might have a way to drop the QB rule completely next year.
Amelia's mother went on a diet and she gained 5 pounds.
Carrie has just seen Fantastic Beast. Gina saw it last week. Gina loved Eddie Redmayne as Newt. Alex might go to see it this weekend.
Emily's favourite colour is blue. Amelia has a surprise for Emily.
Mary lives in Southampton now. She moved there in December.
He got fired 2 days ago and thrown out of school.
Alex likes the flash of Batman.
Marek found a nice ass on the escalator in the shopping mall.
It's supposed to rain so Daniel and Mark won't go to the river bank parties tonight. They will go for drinks to Daniel's place as his sister Hannah is visiting.
Bart bombed his economy final and got a bad grade. He didn't study as much as he should have. Bart started playing StarCraft during school and wasted a lot of time. Adrian didn't do that bad. Bart will re-take the class next year.
Margot bought a bottle of nice wine for Nancy's birthday. Yvonne hasn't bought anything yet.
Lindsay and Finlay came to Elliot's birthday party. Elliot loved it.
Jennifer, Jack and Reece will watch "Mad Max" on Netflix tomorrow evening.
Sean's spirit animal is a tortoise.
Mary is back home with her new baby, Susie.
Patti's cat is fine. She will pick her up from the vet's at 5. Patti will pop home and fetch the cage after work.
Kate is at the grocery store. She will buy an apple for George and a tangerine for herself.
Sam is interested in the earphones. The earphones are new and cost £187. Sam will get the white ones. The product usually arrives the next day.
Kelly, Meghan and Mary will wear red dresses and bright red lipstick.
Kate will borrow Emilly's blue handbag for Friday's wedding. Emilly will bring it to the office tomorrow.
Gina will come to Monica's office to borrow a free usb.
Nathan wants to buy himself a bike in spring. He wants to hang it on the wall or in the hallway. Nathan also has a stationary bike. He rides 25 km everyday. His goal for the summer is 100 km.
Parker and Jason like the DC Universe better than the Marvel Universe. Jason downloaded the latest episode of Arrow season 7 and will text Parker when it's done.
Michael is travelling a lot. He has been to Argentina, Brazil and Chile. He will be in Boston next weekend. He is thinking of resigning earlier than planned. He would like to leave London for the Netherlands.
Jacob will pick up the fruits from Carol's garden on Wednesday at 6 pm.
Molly is stressed out because it's the silly season.
Janette has got mice in her kitchen.
Lawrence will be done with the article in a few minutes. Madison needs it by today.
Julia's parents are having a fight over where to eat. She doesn't want to eat with them anymore. She will call Ronald when she gets back.
Guido can't understand Agata's posts on Facebook. Agata doesn't complain about her new job.
Alejandro and Luz are going to meet for the first time in 2 weeks. Luz will be there on 20th December at 4 PM. Alejandro will pick her up.
Sam started the career mode in FIFA 19. It's different from the one in 18 maaan.
Ethan will buy a kebab for Damian.
Adam's flight has been rescheduled and will arrive one hour later. He will be there in less than 24 hours. It's been half a year since his last visit. Adam and Hannah miss each other.
Matthew has a cold. Lisa advises him to drink orange juice and make soup.
Joyce can't take the car to get Harry, because Kyle has to go to a mechanic. He will get him by bus.
Bailey has a lot of fabric in her closet. She bought 4 boxes of it at Ikea so far.
Susan had a romantic weekend with Toby. They stayed in a 4-star hotel near the beach. They spent most time walking along the seaside. Susan said yes to Toby.
Olivia is having fun with her grand daughter Linta at Eva's party. Eva has to leave in an hour as she has to go home. Olivia will leave her with her for a day tomorrow.
Jack will be 10 minutes late. Laura will wait inside.
Melissa is not ok with men acting like pigs and grabbing you whenever they feel like it. Hailey had a friend get yelled at by a girl for 5 minutes because he held the door for her and said “Ladies first”.
Zoe sends Frank a video.
Josie doesn't like Eco's Pendulum. She read Salman Rushdie's review of Pendulum and he said it's not a novel, but rather a computer game.
Evan has the flu and needs to cancel his lesson with Dennis tomorrow. He's been off college since Tuesday. He should be ok for next Thursday.
Amanda is going to a free concert in the city park around 9 p.m. Patrick and Camille will join her.
Bobby is annoyed by pharmaceuticals, medicine and drugs. He was watching a film last night and suddenly there was a commercial for mints. He did some research and found out that mints are not an illness. The pharmaceutical industry is worth at least $1.2 billion.
Greg has notes from statistics. Dave's don't even exist.
Mark is going out in a sec. Sally doesn't feel well, so she won't join him. Mark will pick her up.
Joy and Sandy are going for a date on Friday evening. They are meeting at 11 am. Lina liked Joy's dresses but she thinks they have too much cleavage.
It's raining. Val and Candy will wait half an hour to see if the rain stops.
Ted kept the plasters till this morning after his shower.
Lily and Mary will call Kyle on Facetime in 10 minutes.
Taylor is throwing a party tomorrow at 8 PM at his house. His parents are away. 10 people confirmed already. Harry is in.
Jeremy hasn't received the grant yet. Tomas is broke. Sierra will lend him some money.
Charles and Camilla are going to visit the German markets in Birmingham and Manchester this weekend. They will have sausages, beer and mulled wine.
Zoe and Xiara didn't apply for the RGS grant last year. Pamela will have a look at their website.
Ava is shorter than penguins.
Ursula got a 93 on her French exam. Jana and Vaughn got 65.
There was an emergency at school today, but it turned out to be a drill.
Perry, Marlow and Forster will meet tomorrow at 8 pm over beer and talk about their holiday to Asia. They will visit Pa first.
The digital wizard client manager who normally wears only hoodies, just put on a proper dress shirt and a suit jacket. He has some sort of a client related presentation. Lee has been here for almost 5 months and this is the first time he saw something like this. Lee pre-purchased RoS CE in a temporal break of his brains. Pre-ordering opened up a hero in a game not yet released.
Boris will bring home the clothes that are hanging outside.
Barry, Jake, Dave and Kelly are going to march in the Women's Strike. They will meet around the campus at noon.
John and Laurel will meet at Jade's collection at around 5 pm tomorrow to buy a birthday gift for Diana.
Rachel has a new siamese cat named Portia. Rachel is allergic to cats, but she doesn't want to get rid of her.
After the wedding there is going to be an after party at Mark's house. Matthew and Kristina are going.
Russel and Diana are going to buy a present for mum.
Amy looks serious at all times. Neither Owen nor Neil have talked to her. Penny thinks they should meet her in person.
Rachel and Wai will meet at 4 at the main entrance of the museum and go to some bar afterwards.
Robert is not in town.
It's Dorothea's birthday today. She will meet Tom and they will eat something in the town. Elena wishes her all the best. They will see each other on Saturday.
Jules and Derek have a class tomorrow.
Ainsley can't help Jane with her thesis because she has a cold.
Lydia's legs are amazing after months of working out.
Mick has never done any student exchanges before. He will go to a club with his friends for Halloween. His grandma is ill, so he can't go to London with her. In Poland, on November 1st people go to the cementary with their families and spend time together. Amka never used to celebrate Halloween.
Karine and Jessie were at kindergarten.
Cael hasn't finished the dress yet. Mae hopes to have it soon.
Fiona is in love with her student Conrad. Conrad is 5 years younger than Fiona. Fiona doesn't know what to do about it.
The situation in Kongo is terrible. The elections were not done properly. There is too much money involved. Kongo's resources are crucial for the US, China and for everybody.
Margaret and Evans will meet on the 4th and 11th of December at 10:00 and on the 14th at 11:00.
Bradley is busy at work. Joanne wants him to contact her as she has something to tell him.
Pete will be home in 1 hour.
Iris is trying to remove herself from an expense. Juls left the group and can't be edited. Ken will add her back to the group. Gerardo will ask the peeps leaving early to stay in the splitwise group until the end of the month.
Ola will be free by 8. Kurt will call him.
Conny has to write a paper for next week. She did her research mostly on the internet. Fitz suggests she goes to the library.
Louis and Archie think Melanie looks like Melanie with straight hair.
Carly and Cindy are laughing at her.
Kirsten and Alex are going bowling together this Friday at 7 pm.
Sam doesn't think he likes her because he's not talking to her at all. Cathy confirms that he's looking at her when she doesn't see him. Sam will talk to him tomorrow.
Jess had a strange dream about a lion tamer and a circus owner. Lynn believes dreams reflect our subconsciousness.
Charles feels weird recently, bloated and he gain weight even though he doesn't eat much gluten. He had a basic blood test and everything's fine. He should stop eating gluten for a month and see if he feels better. Monica used to feel bad after drinking coffee with milk.
Ulysses and Peter got an A and a B. Martha can check their grades online.
Ralph tells Andrew a joke about how to sink a polish battleship.
Linda missed the train. The next one is in one hour. It cost 80 euros.
Martha wants to buy the lenses from Ophelia's profile picture. They are from Crazy Lenses.
Linda wants to buy flowers for her mother, but she doesn't remember which one she likes. Michael suggests tulips, roses and freesias.
Tim will be about twenty minutes late for the main presentation. Gary will try to delay it.
Marcus will pick up Mark from the airport on Thursday at 4. Anna will call him and give him her number.
Lewandowska is hospitalized because she has measles. Anyone who had contact with her within the last few days must get vaccinated. Joanna will try to do it before work on 18th.
Louisa will bring Thelma her red velvet dress.
Joseph will take his car to the opera.
Carl is waiting for Meg, but she needs 5 more minutes as she lost her key somewhere.
Kim and Ben are going to meet tonight for pizza with coke.
Stanley is alive and well.
Maria is tired of her job. Anastasia and Felix try to calm her down.
Ryanair has cancelled 400,000 flights. Luke has booked another flight with easyjet. Elijah's 2 flights have been confirmed.
Rachel's aunt was in an accident. She's bruised but fine. The driver was caught and will pay for the rehabilitation. Rachel will give her aunt a hug.
Michelle and Rachel had an office party two months ago. Monica got drunk and became friendly with Ross. Monica is pregnant. Ross is married.
Luke got his ass kicked surfing today. He had 3 wipeouts and one surfboard to the head. Low tide is at 2:22 pm tomorrow.
Benjamin wasn't able to attend Friday night's basketball game because his mom is sick. His team won 101-98. Benjamin will go to the next one next weekend.
Jamilla reminds Kiki and Yoyo that the audition starts at 7.30 PM on Antena 3.
Marta accidentally sent a gif to Agnieszka and Weronika.
There was a meet and greet with James Charles in one of the malls in Birmingham and about 8000 fans showed up. British media made some negative comments on it.
Rachel sent Janice a list of the Top 50 Best Films of 2018. Janice watched almost all of them. She also watched Deadpool 2 twice and Avengers twice.
